Isaiah , the son of Amoz , who saw the Jerusalem and Judah of the Uzziah , Ahaz , and Hezekiah , the king of Judah
Oh , my God , for the Lord has spoken , I've been fed and raised children , and they've rebelled against me
The ox knows his master , but the ass of his master is not known .
sinful nation , a nation of sinners , a nation of evildoers , children who are wrong: They have abandoned the Lord , they have provoked the Holy One of Israel
Why should you be so much of a loser ?
The whole head is sick , the heart is weak
There is no soundness in the foot , not even to the head , but wounds , bruises , and bruises: they don't close , they don't mollify .
Your country is desolate , your cities are burned , and the land is desolate , as the country is abandoned by strangers .
As a cottage in a vineyard , as a cottage in a garden of cucumbers , as a besieged city .
We should have been like Sodom , and we should have been like Gomorrah .
listen to the word of God , the rulers of Sodom , hear the word of God .
What purpose does your sacrifice serve to me ?
I am full of burnt offerings of rams , and fat of fed animals , and I am not interested in the blood of the bullocks , or the lambs , or the goats .
Who would have asked you to take my court if you were to appear before me ?
I cannot bear any more vain oblations; the new moon and the Sabbath , the call of the assembly , I can't bear it .
I am tired of your new moon and your new feast , my soul is weary
When you spread your arms , I'll hide my eyes from you .
// Pay-for-performance increases in price , service , and performance // Pay-for-performance increases in price , service , and performance // Pay-for-performance increases in price , service , and performance
But if you sin , they will be as white as snow , and if you sin , they will be as red as crimson .
If you are willing and obedient , you will eat the land , but if you do not , you will be eaten by the sword .
How does a faithful city become a whore !
It's full of judgment; it's a good thing , but now murderers .
They are rebels , and all their friends are thieves , and they judge the fatherless , and they follow the rewards
The Lord , the mighty one of Israel , Ah , I'll take care of my enemies , and I'll take care of my enemies
Zion will be forgiven , and the converts will be righteous
They will destroy the sinners and the sinners will be destroyed
They will be ashamed of the oaks you have chosen , and they will be ashamed of the garden you chose .
You are like an oak leaf that fadeth , and you are like a garden that does not have water .
The strong will be as strong , and the maker of them as a spark , and they will burn .
the word that Amoz saw about Judah and Jerusalem .
The mountain of the Lord's house will be built in the mountains , and the mountains will be lifted above the mountains
Many people will come and say , Come , let's go to the mountain of God , to the house of the Lord , and he will teach us his ways , and we will go in them:
They will judge the nations , and they will be judged by many people , and they will be defeated: nation will not be able to defend itself , nor will they be able to defend themselves
Come , Jacob , let's go to the light of the Lord .
You have abandoned the house of Jacob , because they are from the east , and they are like the Philistines , and they are pleased with the children of strangers
There are no end to their treasures , their land is full of silver and gold , they don't have any end to their chariots:
For the glory of the Lord , and for the glory of his majesty , hide in the dust .
The lofty look of the man will be humbled , and the haughtiness of the man will be lifted , and the Lord will be exalted
On every one who is proud and lofty , and on every one who is lifted up , the Lord will be on him:
The loftiness of men will be lowered , and the haughtiness of men will be reduced: and the Lord will be exalted in this day
He will completely destroy the idols .
For fear of the Lord , and for the glory of his majesty , he will shake the earth , and the rocks will fall into the caves
Forgo into the caves , and into the caves , and into the caves , and into the caves , and into the caves , and into the caves
stop breathing in your nose , for where is he to be ?
The Lord , the Lord of the hosts , the Lord of the armies , the Lord of the armies
I'll give them to the prince and the princess will rule them .
The child will be proud of the old , the base against the honor of the noble , and the proud of the child
He will swear to you , saying , I will not be a ruler , and he will say , I will not be able to destroy you .
Because the Lord's glory is against them , they have fallen to Jerusalem , and the Lord has fallen to their eyes
They testify to their countenance , and they say they are Sodomites , they hide them .
woe to the soul of the soul !
They have rewarded themselves for evil .
Tell the righteous , that it is good for him: They'll eat the fruit of their deeds .
Woe to the wicked !
He's sick of him: He has a reward for his hands .
The children are the oppressors , the women are the rulers
You who lead you are causing you to be wrong , and you destroy the way of your path
the Lord will stand and defend the people .
The Lord will judge the people of his people , and the princes of his people
What do you mean , you're beating my people and grinding their faces ?
saith the Lord of the Lord
the LORD says , Because the daughters of Zion are proud , and they walk with their necks stretched out , and they want to walk , and they want to move , and they want to move , and they want to move , and they want to move
The Lord will take away the bravery of the tingling ornaments on the ground , the cauls , the round tires , and the mufflers , and the hat , the hat , the hat , the hat , the hat , the hat
Instead of a pleasant smell , there will be a smell; and instead of a girdle , a torn; and instead of a good hair , a bald head .
Your men will fall , and your great will be in the war .
She will lament and mourn , and she will be desolate .
Seven women will take a man , and they will say , " We will eat our bread and wear our clothes , " and they will be happy .
The LORD's branch was beautiful and glorious , and the fruit of the land was excellent and beautiful
when the Lord cleans the filth , he will call all who remain in Jerusalem , even those who have lived in Jerusalem:
the LORD will create a cloud and smoke in the houses of the Mount Zion , and the fire will be lit by the night .
In the daytime , the shadow of the heat and the shelter , and the secret of the storm and the rain , will be a tabernacle .
I will sing my beloved a song of my beloved touching the vineyard
He planted a vineyard , and gathered the stones , and built a tower in the middle of the vineyard , and built a tower in the middle of the vineyard , and built a tower in the middle of the vine
I beg you , my friends , and the people of Jerusalem , and the people of Judah , to judge me .
What if I had done more to my vineyard ?
Then why did I bring grapes to the grapes ?
I'll tell you what I'm going to do to my vineyard: I'm going to cut the hedge , and it's going to come down .
the house of Israel , the house of the Lord , is the house of the Lord , and the people of Judah are his pleasant garden
woe to those who join the house , the field , the field , until there is no place to be , so they can be alone in the world !
The Lord of the hosts said , in my ears , many houses will be deserted , even great and beautiful , without inhabitants .
There is a bath in the vineyard , and the seed of the homer will be a bath .
woe to those who come early in the morning , when they can drink strong , until they go to sleep !
They have a feast , a harp , a tabret , a pipe , a glass , and wine , but they don't think about the Lord's hands .
They are now in captivity , because they don't know anything: and their honorable men are starving , and they are thirsty .
And so it is , and so it is , and so it is , and so it is , and so it is , and so
the mighty man will fall , and the mighty man will be humbled , and the eyes of the lofty will be humbled:
Then the lambs will feed , and the fat will be eaten by strangers .
That he may speed up , and hasten his work , that we may see him:
Woe to those who call evil good , and good evil , and good good evil , and good evil !
woe to those who are wise , and cautious , in their own eyes !
woe to those who drink wine , and strong drink , and they take away the righteousness of the righteous !
The fire is burning , and the flame is burning , and the dust is rising from the roots of the tree:
The LORD's anger was against his people , and he struck them with his hand , and the mountains shook , and the carcases of the people were scattered .
He does not turn his anger away , but he is still holding his hand .
They will be swift , none will be weary , none will be distracted , and none will be distracted
And then the day will be like the roaring of the sea , and the light will be dark and dark in the sky , and the light is dark in the sky , and the light is black in the
I saw the Lord sitting on a throne , high and lifted , and his train was filled with the temple
There were six wings , and with each wing he covered his face , and with each wing he was flying .
And one cried , Holy , Holy , the Lord is with us .
The door was moving , and the smoke filled the room .
Then I'm afraid of me !
I am a man of unclean lips , and I am in the middle of a people of unclean lips
He took a live coal from the altar , and put it on my lips , and said , Lo , it's on your lips .
I heard the Lord's voice , and I'm thinking who's going with us ?
I'm here , so send me .
he said , Go , and tell them , Hear , but don't understand .
Make the heart of the people fat , and their ears heavy , and shut their eyes , and they will see with their eyes , and hear with their ears , and understand with their heart
Then I tell you , Lord , how long ?
And he answered , until the cities are destroyed , and the houses are deserted , and the land is desolate , and the Lord has removed people from the land
And the tenth , and he will return , and he will return , and he will be gone , and he will be gone , and he will be gone , and he will be gone , and he will be gone , and he will be gone ,
Rezin , the son of Uzziah , king of Judah , and Pekah , the son of Remaliah , king of Jerusalem , came to pass .
He told David , " Syria is a confederate of Ephraim "
the heart of the people moved , and the heart of the people moved
Isaiah , go to Ahaz , Shear-jashub , and say to him , at the end of the conduit of the upper pool in the highway of the fuller's field .
Ephraim , the son of Remaliah , and the son of Remaliah , they have spoken against you , saying , Let's go to Judah , and we'll make a breach there
The head of Damascus is Damascus , and the head of Damascus is Rezin .
Samaria's son is Remaliah's son is Samaria's son is Samaria's son is
If you don't believe it , you won't be able to .
In addition , the Lord spoke to Ahaz again , and asked him to show the Lord's sign .
Ahaz said , I am not asking , neither will I tempt the Lord .
he said , Hear , O David , is it a little thing to weary people , but will you be weary of God ?
So the Lord will give you a sign , and you will be a virgin , and you will bear a son .
Butter and honey will eat , so he can choose good and reject evil .
The land that you hate will be abandoned by both her kings before the child learns to reject evil and choose the good
From the day that Ephraim left Judah , the king of Assyria will come to you , and your people , and your father's house
The Lord will hiss at the fly that is in the river of Egypt , and the bee that is in the land of Assyria
They'll all go to the desolate valleys , and they'll be in the hole of the rocks , and on all the rocks , and on all the bushes , and on all the shrubs , and on all
The Lord will shave the beard with a razor that is hired by the king of Assyria , the king of Assyria's head and the hair of the beard
He will be given a young cow , two sheep , and butter , and he will eat butter and honey .
It will be , where there were thousands of vines , silverlings and thorns , it will be a day of briers and thorns
Men will come with arrows and arrows , because the land will be full of thorns
There shall be no fear of briers and thorns on all hills dug with the mattock
the LORD said , Take a big roll , write it down with a pen on Maher-shalal-hash-baz
I have taken my faithful witnesses to record , Uriah the priest and Zechariah the son of Jeberechiah
I go to the prophetess , and she has a son .
The Lord called me Maher-shalal-hash-baz
Before the child is born , my father and my mother will be taken away from the Assyrian king
the Lord said to me , forasmuch as the people refuse to take the water of Shiloah , and they are happy to rejoice in Rezin and Remaliah's son;
All of you , O ye people , and you'll be broken up , and you'll be broken up
You must consult with each other , and nothing will happen to you; for God is with us
The Lord said to me , " Say not , a confederacy , to all the people who will be saying ,' A confederacy , to all the people who
Let the Lord of the host be sanctified , and let him be your fear
He is a stone , but he is a rock for the Jews , for the Jews , for the Jews , for the Jews , for the Jews , for the Jews , for the Jews , for the
Many of them will fall , fall , fall , fall , fall , fall
I will bind my testimony , seal the law with my disciples
I'll wait for the Lord , and I'll look for him in the house of Jacob .
Look , I am the sign and the miracle of the children who have been given to me by the Lord of hosts , who's in the mountains of Zion .
Shouldn't they seek the gods of their own people , and the wizards who look , and the ones who whisper:
To live to the dead ?
If they don't speak the word , it's because there is no light in them
They pass through him , barely able to eat and hungry , and they will be hungry , and they will be angry , and they will look up .
They look to the ground , and they see the darkness , the pain , the despair , the darkness .
When he was at the first time he was in the land of Zebulun and the land of Naphtali , he was not so much as a nuisance to her , and then he did more damage to her
The people who were in the dark , they saw a great light: They who were in the dark , they saw a great light
You multiplied the nation , not increased the joy: They're happy to celebrate the harvest , and they're happy to celebrate the harvest
You have broken his burden , and the staff of his shoulder , as in the day of Midian
There will be confusion , and the warrior will be in blood , but it will be with fire and fire .
He will be a child , a son , a son of a father , a son of a father , a son of a father , a son of a father , a son of a father , a son of a father
There will be no end to the increase of the government and peace , and the kingdom of David , and the kingdom of David , and the kingdom of David , and the kingdom of David , and the kingdom of David , and the kingdom of David ,
This will be done by the zeal of the Lord
The Lord spoke to Jacob , and he gave him light
Everyone knows that the bricks fell , but we will build with stone: the sycomores .
The Lord will bring Rezin's enemies against him , and the Philistines against him , and the Israelites will be drawn into the open mouth
He doesn't turn his anger away , but he is still holding on to his arm .
The people don't want to be killed , but they don't want to look for the Lord .
In one day , the LORD will cut off the head and tail of Israel
The old and honorable , he's the head , and the prophet's name is the tail
They are the leaders of the people , and they are destroyed by them .
For every one is a hypocrite and a liar , and every mouth is full of folly
He does not turn his anger away , but he is still holding his arm .
The fire burns , and the flames burn , and the flames burn , and the flames burn , and the flames burn , and the flames burn , and the flames burn , and the flames burn ,
The land is dark , and the people are like the fire , no one will spare his brother
He will grab the right hand , and he will be hungry , and he will eat the left hand .
He doesn't turn his anger away , but he's still holding on to his arm .
to turn away the needy from judgment , and to take away the right of the poor to prey on them;
What will you do when the visitation is over and the desolation is coming ?
Who will help you ?
Where's your glory going to go ?
They will bow to the prisoners , and they will fall to the dead .
He does not turn his anger away , but he is still holding his arm .
I am angry with Assyrian , and my staff is mine indignation .
I will send him against the hypocritical nation , and against the nation of my wrath , I will take the spoils , and I will take the prey .
But he does not mean it , he just means that he is thinking of destroying and destroying nations , not a few .
he says , aren't they all kings ?
Is it not Calno the same as Carchemish ?
Is Hamath the same as Arpad ?
Is it the same as Damascus ?
I have done it to Jerusalem and her idols , as I have done to Jerusalem and the idols of Samaria
Then I will punish the king of Assyria , and the glory of his high face , and the heart of the king of Assyria
I have done it , and I have done it with my strength , and I have done it with my wisdom
shall he boast that he will be able to defend the axe ?
Or will he be able to withstand the saw ?
As if the rod were shaking with the staff , as if the staff were lifted by the staff
The Lord , the Lord of the hosts , will send his fat ones to the lean ones; and under his glory , he will burn like fire
The light of Israel will be a fire , and the Holy One will be a flame
The rest of the trees will be few , so the child can write them .
The remnant of Israel , and those who fled from the house of Jacob , will not be able to stay on him , but will be on the Lord , the Holy One of God
the remnant will return , even the remnant of Jacob
But the people of Israel are like the sand of the sea , but a remnant will return
In the midst of the land , the Lord God will consume the entire country , determined by the Lord
Thus the Assyrian shall not be afraid of you , my people who live in the land of the Lord , for he will strike you with a rod , and he will lift his staff .
It will be a little while , and then my anger will be extinguished , and my anger will be destroyed .
And the Lord of the hosts will stir up the plague on him according to the slaughter of Midian at the rock of Oreb: and as the spear was on the sea , so will he be lifted up by the Egyptians
He will take off your burden , and the yoke will fall off your neck , and the yoke will fall off your neck , and the yoke will fall off your neck
They are passing through the passage , they are passing through the pass , they are passing through the pass , they are passing through the pass , they are passing through the pass , they are passing through the pass
Oh my God , my God , my God , my God , my God , my God
The madmen are removed , the Gebimites gather .
He will remain at Nob that day , shaking his hand to the mount of the daughter of the Holy Land
Look , the Lord , the Lord of the hosts , will be the one who will be the terror: and the tall ones will be humbled .
He cuts the thicket with iron , and Lebanon will fall .
The spirit of the LORD will rest on Jesse , the spirit of wisdom and understanding , the spirit of counsel and strength , the spirit of wisdom and strength
The girdle of his loins and faithfulness are the girdle of his reins
The wolf and the lamb and the leopard will be with the kid , and the lion will be with the kid
The cow and the bear will feed , their young ones will sleep together: the lion will eat straw like the ox .
The baby will play with the hole of the asp , and the child will put his hand on the cockatrice .
the knowledge of the Lord will be full of the knowledge of the Lord , as the waters cover the sea
There will be Jesse's root , which will be a symbol of the people; and the Gentiles will seek him
The Lord will recover the remnant of his people , which will be left , from Assyria , from Egypt , and from Pathros , and from C .
He will set up an ensign for the nations , and he will assemble the scattered of Israel from the four corners of the world
Ephraim will not envy Judah , and Judah will not be angry with him
They will fly to the west , and the children of Ammon will be on their shoulders; and the children of Ammon will be on their shoulders
The Egyptian sea will be utterly destroyed , and the mighty wind will shake the river , and the river will be swept away by the seven streams .
As he came out of Egypt , he was like the Israelites of the day he came out of Egypt
You will say , Lord , I will be glad to praise you , but you are angry with me , and you are not happy with me .
For the LORD JEHOVAH is my strength and my song , and I am going to trust him
So you will draw water from the wells of salvation with joy .
You will say , Praise the Lord , call upon his name , tell the people , and tell them he is exalted .
Sing to the Lord , for he has done great things .
You are in the middle of the Holy One of Israel , and the Holy One of Israel is in the middle of you
the burden of Babylon , which the Amoz son of Amoz saw .
Take a banner to the highest mountain , raise the voice , shake the hand , and they'll be in the gates of the nobility
I have commanded my holy ones , I have also called my mighty ones to my anger , even those who are happy to be my highness
the noise of the crowd , like a great crowd , like a great nation; a tumultuous noise of the kingdom of nations:
From the far country , from the sky , even from the Lord , the weapons of his anger , they will destroy the whole country
Oh , for the day of the Lord is coming , it's going to be a disaster
They will be in pain , and they will be afraid , and they will melt in pain:
The day of the Lord is cruel , and he will be furious with anger and fury
The sun will not shine , the moon will not shine , the sun will not shine
I will punish the world for its evil , and the evil of the wicked will be stopped , and I will be happy to let the haughtiness of the terrible go .
Even a man than a golden wedge of Ophir will be more valuable than gold .
In the day of the Lord's fierce anger , the heavens will fall , the earth will quake , and the Lord will destroy her
They will all turn to their own people , and they will all go to their own country
Everyone who finds them will be dragged into the sword , and everyone who joins them will fall down , and everyone who is listening will be lifted up
Before their eyes , their children are torn apart , their houses are destroyed , and their wives are raped .
Look , I'll stir up the Medes against them , which will not be interested in silver , and gold will not be pleased .
The young men will also be torn apart by the bow , and they will not be sorry to see the baby .
As Sodom and Gomorrah were destroyed by God , Babylon will be destroyed by the glory of the kingdom
There will be no one , not even from generation to generation , not even from the shepherds .
There will be wild beasts of the desert , and there will be a lot of ugly creatures; and owls will be there , and they will dance .
The wild beasts of the islands will be in their desolate houses , and the dragons will be in their pleasant homes: and she will soon be gone , and she will not be long , and she will not be in trouble; and she
Jacob will be pleased with the Lord , and he will choose Israel , and he will be in his own country
They shall be taken , and they shall be taken to the house of the Lord , and they shall be servants and servants of the Lord:
When the Lord will be glad to relieve you from your grief and fear , and from your hard bondage , you will take this proverb to the king of Babylon
The golden city has stopped !
The Lord has broken the staff of the wicked , and the sceptre of the rulers
The one who has struck the people with a constant stroke , the ruler of the nation , is punished , and none of them will be able to hurt him
The whole world is quiet , and there is singing .
Yes , the fir trees are rejoicing , and the cedars of Lebanon are saying , since you were dead .
The dead are moved to your feet , even the king of the world , even the king of the world
They'll tell you everything , will you be weak like us ?
art thou going to be like us ?
The pomp is on the grave , and the noise of your viols: the worm is crawling under you
How you got out of heaven , Lucifer , son of the morning !
How art thou going to fall to the ground , which weakened the nation !
I will sit on the mount of the congregation , in the north , and I will sit on the top of the sky:
But you'll be in the pit , on the side of the pit .
He will look at you , and he will see you , and he will say , Is this the man who shook the world , and destroyed the cities of the world; that opened the door , and the world was destroyed
All the kings of the world , even the whole world , are in glory
Like a corpse , thrown into the grave like a foul branch , and as a corpse , thrown into the grave like a corpse , like a corpse , like a corpse
You won't be buried with them , because you've destroyed your country , killed your people , and the seed of evil will never be known
Prepare the slaughter of his children for the sins of his father; that they don't rise , nor do they have the land , nor do they have a face .
I will go against them , and I will cut them off , and I will take the name , and the rest , and my nephew , and my nephew .
I will also take it to the bittern , and the water will be drained from the pool of destruction , the Lord of the Lord
The Lord of the hosts has sworn , and I have thought so , so it will be .
This is the purpose of the whole world: and this is the hand that's stretched out on all the nations
the Lord of the hosts has planned it , and who will be able to cancel it ?
He stretches out his hand and who's going to turn it ?
This burden was borne by Ahaz's death
Oh , my God , not the whole Palestina , for the serpent's root is broken , and the fruit of the serpent is a fiery flying serpent
I will feed the poor , and the needy will be safe , and I will kill your root
Howl , O gate; cry , O city; there's smoke coming from the north .
What will the nation's messengers answer ?
The poor will be safe in the Lord's house , and the poor will be happy .
the burden of Moab's place
He went to Bajith , and to Dibon , the night of Moab , and he went to Bajith , and he went to Dibon , and he went to Dibon , and he went to D
They will be girded in the streets , on the tops of their houses , and in the streets , they will cry , crying .
He will cry , and Elealeh: He will hear the voice of the armed men of Moab .
The heart of Moab will cry for Luhith , and the fugitives will be taken to Zoar , a three-year-old goat .
The waters of Nimrim are barren , the grass is dead , there is nothing green .
They will therefore carry the abundance they have , and the ones they have taken , to the brook
The howling of the Moab is gone , and the howling of the Moab is gone , and the howling of the Moab is gone
I'll bring more of the blood to the waters of Dimon , and I'll bring the lion to the lion .
From Sela to the wilderness , to the mountain of the daughter of Zion , send the lamb to the ruler of the land
Thus Moab's daughters will be on the Arnon's ford , as a wandering bird from the nest .
Take counsel , execute judgment; be careful not to offend him that wanderer
Let the Moabans be hidden , Moab , for the extortioner is dead , the spoilers are dead , the oppressors are dead
in the name of God , the throne will be established in the tabernacle of David , and he will sit in the presence of God , and he will judge , and seek justice , and haste .
We heard of Moab's pride , and he was proud of it , and he was proud of it , and he was proud of it , and we thought that if we had a chance to live
So Moab will howl for Moab , everyone will howl: Kir-hareseth is dead , they will be mourned .
the Heshbon fields , the vine of Sibmah , the lords of the heathen: they wandered into the desert .
I cry with tears , O Heshbon , and Elealeh: I am crying with tears , O Heshbon .
There will be no singing , no shouting , no singing in the vineyards , and I don't want them to make them sing .
Then my bowels will sound like a harp for Moab , and my inner parts will be Kir-haresh .
When Moab sees that he is weary on the high ground , he will come to his shrine to pray , but he will not prevail .
Since then , the Lord has spoken of Moab .
the Lord said , in three years , as the years of a servant , and the glory of Moab will be lost , and the rest will be small and weak
The burden of Damascus is on me .
Look , Damascus is a city , and it's a ruin .
The cities of Aroer are deserted: They will be taken by the flock , and none will be afraid
The fortress will cease to be Ephraim , and the kingdom of Damascus , and the rest of the country will be like the glory of the children of Israel
Then the glory of Jacob will be thin , and his body will be lean .
And it shall be as the harvestman gathereth the corn , and the ears are harvested with his hand; and it shall be as he who gathereth the ears in the valley of Rephaim .
As the shaking of an olive tree , two or three berries in the uppermost branches , four or five in the lowest branches thereof , the Lord God of Israel , the Lord God of Israel
A man will look to his Maker and respect the Holy One of Israel at that time
He does not look at the altars , the work of his hands , neither does he respect the images
He will be a desolate bough , and the highest branch of the Jewish people , which they left for the children of Israel:
You forgot God's salvation , and you didn't pay attention to the rock of your strength , so you planted a nice plant , and you put a strange slip:
woe to the multitude of people who make such a noise as the waves , and the rushing of nations , that make such a noise as the waves !
The nations will rush like the rushing of the seas , but God will punish them , and they will be swept away like the waves of the sea , and they will be lifted like the stars of heaven
And he is not there until the evening , and he is not there by morning .
It is the ones that ruin us , and the rest of them are robbing us .
The land shadowing the mountains , which is beyond the rivers of Ethiopia , is sending a messenger to the nation , even in boats of the bulrushes
When he lifts up the flag on the mountains , and when he blows a trumpet , you'll see him .
I will rest , and I will be like a clear heat in the garden , like a cloud of dew in the heat of the harvest , like a cloud of dew in the heat of
He will cut the branches with pruning hooks , and take them away and cut the branches before harvest , and they will be returned to the same kind of
They will be left to the birds and the beasts of the mountains , and the beasts of the earth will be left to them
The present is brought to the Lord of the hosts of a people scattered and scattered , and from a people that have been terrible from the beginning
the Egyptian burden .
the LORD will come to the swift cloud , and he will come to Egypt , and the Egyptians will melt in the presence of him
I will fight the Egyptians against the Egyptians , and they will fight each other , and the city against the city , and the kingdom against the kingdom
And the spirit of Egypt will be lost in the midst of the spirit of Egypt , and I will destroy the spirit of Egypt
The Egyptians will be given to a cruel king , and the king will rule them , the Lord of the Lord
The water will be lost from the sea , the river will dry up and disappear .
The river will be far away , and the river will be dried up and dried up
The paper , the mouth of the brook , the brook's mouth , everything that was planted by the brook , will be destroyed , and nothing will be left .
The fishers will mourn , and all who cast the angle into the water will be mourned , and they who spread the nets will be exhausted .
In addition , they are confounded by those who work in fine flax and weave networks .
All that makes the sluices and ponds for fish shall be broken .
I am a foolish man , the wise counsel of Pharaoh is a fool , how do you say to Pharaoh , I am a stupid person ?
Where's the rest of them ?
Where is the wise man ?
Now , let them tell you what the Lord of the Egyptians has planned for Egypt .
The princes of Zoan are fools , the princes of Noph are fools , they have also betrayed Egypt
The LORD has mingled a perverse spirit in the midst of the place , and they have caused Egypt to be drunk as a drunken man .
The head or tail , branch or rush , neither shall be able to do any work
The Egyptians were like women in that day , and they were afraid and afraid of the Lord of the Lord
For the Lord of hosts has determined against him , and he is afraid of the counsel of the Lord of hosts , which he has decided to destroy him
In the day there were five cities in Egypt in the world , and they swore to the Lord of the Lord , one of them was called the city of destruction .
There will be a cross in the middle of Egypt , a pillar at the border , and a cross in the middle of the land .
For the Egyptians , the Egyptians will cry to the LORD , and he will send them a great one , and a great man , and he will be saved by the Lord
The Egyptians will know the LORD in that day , and they will swear to the LORD , and they will be able to sacrifice and sacrifice .
the LORD will destroy Egypt , and he will destroy it and heal it
There will be a road to Assyria and Assyria will come to Egypt , and the Assyrians will be in Egypt .
the third in Egypt and Assyria , even a blessing in the country , the Lord of the Lord:
When the Tartans came to Ashdod , and fought against Ashdod , and took it; At the same time , the Lord spoke to Isaiah the son of Amoz .
He walks naked and barefoot .
The king of Assyria will take the Egyptians and the Ethiopians captives , young and young , like the servant of Isaiah , who walked naked and barefoot three years ago , and he will be lifted up in triumph by the
They are afraid and ashamed of Ethiopia , Egypt , and Egypt's glory
And the inhabitants of this island will tell us , Behold , we expect this , and how we're going to escape ?
the desert of the sea .
The desert is coming from the south , and the desert is coming from a terrible place
I see a terrible vision , the treacherous dealer is treacherous , and the spoilt is treacherous .
Go , O Elam: I made a lot of sighs , O Media .
I was in pain , as the pain of a woman who was on her way to the death: I was stunned by the sight of it
I was worried about my heart , and I was afraid of the night I was happy .
Prepare the table , watch the watchtower , eat , drink , and anoint the shield .
So the Lord said , Go , set up a guard , let him tell you what he sees .
He looked at the chariot , a chariot of asses , and a chariot of camels; and he looked closely:
Babylon fell , fell , and all the statues of her gods were broken to the ground
I have spoken to you about the Lord of hosts , the God of Israel , the God of Israel , the God of Israel
the burden of Dumah's burden .
Seir , Watchman , what do you say to the night ?
Watchman , what's going on with the night ?
the watchman said , the morning is coming , and the night will come .
the burden on Arabia's shoulders .
You stay in the desert in Arabia .
The inhabitants of the country of Tema gave him water , which was thirsty , and they prevented him from fleeing .
They fled from the sword , the drawn sword , the bent bow , the terrible war .
the Lord said to me , in a year , according to the years of a child , and the glory of Kedar will be lost:
the burden of the vision of the valley .
What ails you , that you're completely out of the house ?
You are full of sparks , a turbulent city , a happy city: Your sword doesn't kill your men , but your sword kills them .
All your rulers are scattered , they're bound by the archers , and all of them are scattered
I said , look , I'm crying , I'm crying , I'm crying , I'm crying , I'm crying , I'm crying , I'm crying , I'm crying , I'm
It is a day of trouble , and it is a day of confusion , and the Lord God of the mountains is in the valley .
Elam's quiver was full of men and horses , and Kir was carrying the shield .
The chariots will be drawn to to the gate , and the horsemen will be in the best of the best .
You looked at the armor of the house of the woods that day , and you were looking at the cover of Judah .
You saw the breach of David , and you saw the water in the lower pool .
You destroyed the houses of Jerusalem , and you broke down the walls .
But the water in the old pool was not looking at the maker of the old pool , nor did he look at him who had made it long ago .
For the Lord God of the hosts cried , and he cried , and he cried , and he cried , and he cried , and he cried , and he cried , and he cried , and he cried , and he cried , and he cried , and
the LORD of the hosts , I'm sure , will not be purged until you die , my lord .
So the Lord God of the hosts , go , get you to the treasurer , Shebna , and tell him what you got there ?
And who is here , who is going to take you to the tomb , as he is going to take a tombstone to the sky , and bury himself in a rock ?
Look , the Lord will carry you away with a great prison , and he will surely cover you .
You will be thrown like a ball into a large country , and you will be ashamed of your lord's house
He will pull you out of your station and from your condition will be taken away .
I will call my servant Eliakim the son of Hilkiah , and I will take him to my house , and I will put him on my girdle .
I'll put him on his shoulder , and he'll open , and none of them will shut him down .
I will fasten him to the nail in the perfect place , and he will be a glorious throne for my father
all the glory of his father's house , the offspring and the issue , even the smallest , even the smallest , even the smallest ,
The nail that fastens the nail to the nail , and the nail that's fastened to the nail , and the nail that's fastened to the nail , and the nail that's fastened to the nail , and the nail that's fast
the burden of Tyre's burden
It is a ship of Tarshish , so it is destroyed , so they do not have a house , they do not go in .
Keep your head down , you inhabitants of the island; the merchants of Zidon , who sail over the sea , have replenished you
The revenue of Sihor is great , the harvest of the river is her revenue; and she is a great nation
I am ashamed , Zidon , for the sea has spoken , and the sea has spoken , and the sea has spoken , and the sea has spoken , and the sea has spoken , and the sea has spoken , and the sea has
The report on Egypt is also greatly affected by the report on Tyre
Go to Tarshish , howl , the inhabitants of the island .
Is this a happy city , which has been around for a long time ?
She starts to walk far away with her legs .
Who is taking the advice of Tyre , the capital of the world , the city of the merchants , the traffickers , the honorable of the world ?
The Lord of the hosts has planned to stain the pride of all glory , and to destroy all the honor of the world
As a river , you pass through the land like a river .
The Lord gave a command to destroy the merchant city , and the strong hold was destroyed
You don't have to be happy , you poor virgin , daughter of Zidon: Rise , go to Chittim .
the land of the Chaldeans , which was not until the Assyrians built them , and they built them up; and he destroyed them
Howl , the Tarshish ship: It is destroyed .
After seventy years , the Tyre will be forgotten by the king , according to the days of one king:
Take a harp , go to town , you whore who is forgotten , sing many songs , you will remember .
The Lord will visit Tyre , and she will be hired by the world , and she will be a whore to all the kingdoms of the world
She shall be holy to the Lord , and her goods and her hire shall be holy to the Lord , and they shall be used and worn .
The Lord will destroy the earth , and the land will be wasted , and the inhabitants will be scattered
As with the people , so with the priest , as with the servant , as with the master; as with the woman , as with the master; as with the buyer , as with the seller; as with the lender
The land is totally destroyed , completely destroyed , and utterly ruined: for the Lord has spoken .
The world is dying , the world is dying , the world is dying , the world is dying
the inhabitants of the earth are also defiled by the law , the law , the law , the law ,
Therefore , the earth has been destroyed , and the inhabitants of the earth are destroyed , and few people remain .
The new wine is crying , the vine is dying , the merry-go-round is crying .
The laughter of the tabrets is gone , the noise of the harp is gone , the joy of the harp is gone
They don't drink wine with the song; they're bitter about it
There is confusion in the city: there is a house , no one can come in .
The streets are full of wine , joy is lost , the joy is gone
There is a desolation in the city , and the gate is destroyed .
There will be as much as a shake of olive trees and grapes when the harvest is over , as the gleaning grapes when the grapes are harvested
They will shout , they will sing , they will shout from the sea .
And in the fires , the name of the Lord God of Israel , the name of the Lord God of Israel , the name of the Lord God of Israel
We heard songs from the bottom of the earth , even glory to the righteous
But I say , my weakness , my weakness , my weakness !
The treacherous dealers have done it treacherously; yes , the treacherous dealers have done it
You're in the pit , the trap , the trap , the trap , the trap , the trap
the one who flees from the noise of fear will fall into the pit , and the one who comes out of the pit will be caught in the trap:
The earth is completely destroyed , the earth is completely destroyed , the earth is totally destroyed
The earth is like a drunkard , and it will fall like a house , and it will not rise , and it will not be broken , and it will not be burned , and
The Lord will punish the hosts of the high ones , and the kings of the world on the earth
They will be taken to the prison , and after many days they will be brought to the prison .
when the Lord of hosts is in Jerusalem , and before his ancients , he will be ashamed of the moon , and the sun will be ashamed
Oh , my God , I'm your God , I'll be happy to praise you , I'll be happy to praise you , for you've done great things .
You built a city , a heap of ruins , a palace of strangers .
So the great people will be proud of you , the city of the terrible nations will be afraid of you .
You were a strength for the poor , a strength for the needy in the heat , a refuge from the storm , a shadow from the heat , a refuge from the storm , a shadow from the
The noise of strangers , as the heat of the desert is cooled , is brought down .
There will be a feast of fat , a feast of wine , a feast of fat , a feast of wine , a feast of fat , a feast of
He will destroy the mountain , the mountain , the mountain , the mountain ,
He will swallow the death of his people , and the Lord will wipe the tears from his face
We waited for him , and he saved us , and we will be glad and happy to be saved by him
The Lord's hand is resting in the mountain , and Moab is trampled under him like straw
He will spread his hands , as he swells with pride , and he will bring his arms to the water .
The fortress of the high wall of your fortress will fall , and the dust will fall .
We have a strong city , and God will give us a strong wall and a strong wall
Open the gate , so the nation that keeps the truth will be able to enter .
You will keep him in perfect peace , who will be on your mind:
For the LORD JEHOVAH is eternal strength: He's gonna destroy them who live on the high ground .
The poor man's feet are on him , even the poor man's feet are on him
You , the upright , you weigh the path of the just .
We waited for your judgment , O Lord , and we were waiting for your name .
I want you to be in my soul at night , and I'll be looking for you in the soul of my soul
The wicked will be rewarded , but he will not be able to see the majesty of the Lord
LORD , when you lift your hand , they won't see , but they will see , and they will be ashamed of their envy .
LORD , you did all the work to us , and you did all the work to us .
Oh , our God , we have been ruled by other lords besides you: but only by you will we be mentioned
They died , they died , they died , they died , they died , they died , they died , they died
You have increased the nation , you have increased the nation: You have taken it far from the world
the Lord , they visited you , they prayed , when they were punished .
As a woman with a baby , she is in pain , and she is crying in her pangs; so we have seen you , Lord .
We were children , we were sick , we were in pain , we were brought to the ground , we didn't do anything .
They will live with my dead body .
You awake and sing , the ones who live in dust: the dead will be buried in the dust
Come , my people , get in the room , close the door , hide it for a minute , until the anger is over .
For , the Lord will come out of his place to punish the inhabitants of the world for their sins: the earth will be revealed , and the blood will be revealed
The Lord will punish the serpent that is in the sea , even the dragon that is in the sea
Sing it to her with red wine in the vineyard .
I'll keep it , I'll keep it , I'll keep it , I'll keep it , I'll keep it , I'll keep it , I'll keep it , I'll keep it
I'm not interested in Fury: Who would have put me in battle with the briers and thorns ?
I would go through them , I would burn them .
He can hold my strength , so he can be happy with me .
The fruit of Jacob will grow and grow , and the world will be filled with fruit
Did he hit it , as he hit the ones who hit him ?
Or is he killed by the slaughter of the ones he killed ?
When he shoots , you'll be debating with him: He'll keep his wind in the east .
Jacob's sin is purged , and all the sins of the altar are broken , the groves are broken , the stones are broken , the stones are broken , the stones are broken , the stones are broken , the
But the city is deserted , and the habitation is abandoned , and the calf is fed , and he lies down , and eats the leaves .
He will burn them , and the women will burn them , for they are not capable of understanding: therefore he who made them will not be able to forgive them
And that day , the Lord will be beaten out of the river to the Nile , and you will be gathered together , O you children of Israel .
The great trumpet will be blown , and the people will come , ready to die in the land of Assyria , and the Egyptians , and the Egyptians will be in Egypt
The crown of pride , the pride of Ephraim , the glorious beauty of the crown , which is fading in the heads of the fat valleys , is a fading flower !
Look , the Lord has a strong and powerful one , which as a storm of hail and a destructive storm , as a flood of powerful water , as a flood of water , will be lifted to the ground .
The crown of pride , the Ephraimians , will be trampled underfoot: And the glorious beauty , which is on the head of the fat valley , will fade .
The Lord of the hosts will be a crown of glory , and a beautiful diadem of beauty , to the rest of his people , and for strength to them
They drink wine , they drink strong drinks , they are drunk , they are skittish , they err , they err , they err , they err , they err , they err , they err
There's vomit and vomit everywhere , so there's no place to clean .
Who is going to teach him the knowledge ?
Who will understand the doctrine ?
Those who have been fed milk , and who have been drawn out of the breasts .
He speaks with a stammering tongue and a tongue that will be a little , a little:
he said , and he said , and he said , and he said , and he said , and he said , and he said , and he said , and he said , and he said , and he said , and he said
The word of the Lord was a command , a command , a command , a command , a command
So hear the word of the Lord , you treacherous men , who rule the people of Jerusalem .
We have made a vow to death , and we have agreed to be on our deathbeds , and we have not been able to hide it .
I will also lay down the judgment , and the righteous will fall into the abyss , and the waters will flood the hiding place , and the earth will be broken and washed away
When the plague passes , you will be trampled by the overflowing plague , and your agreement with hell will not stand when it does .
By morning and by night , it will be a headache , only to understand the report .
The bed is shorter than the man can stretch himself in it: and the cover is narrower than the man can .
The Lord will rise in the mountains of Perazim , and he will be like the valley of Gibeon , and he will be like the valley of the Gibeon
So therefore , if you do not want to be mocked , do not be fools , for I have heard from the Lord God of the hosts that they will be strong
Hear me , listen , and hear me , and hear me .
the plow is plow all day to sow ?
Is he opening and breaking the rocks ?
when he is clear about the face , he does not throw out the fitches , and he does not scatter the cummin , and he does not throw the grain into the main wheat and the barley ?
For God's sake , he is instructed by his God
The fitches are not beaten with a thresher , but with a staff , and the cummin with a rod .
Because he is never going to be able to handle the bread , nor will he ever break it with his cart , nor will he bruise it with his horse , nor will he laugh at him , nor will he
The Lord of the hosts is wonderful in counsel , and excellent in the work
woe to Ariel , the city where David lived !
Each year they kill the sacrifice
But I'm going to be upset with Ariel , and I'm going to be sad and heavy: and it's going to be on me .
I'll be around , and I'll be on my way , and I'll be
You will fall , and you will speak from the ground , and your voice will be low , as if you had a familiar spirit
Besides , the multitude of your strangers will be like small dust , and the vast number of the terrible ones will be gone .
The Lord of the Lord will be visited by thunder , lightning , earthquakes , and great noise , and the flames of fire
It's like a dream , like a dream , like a dream , like a dream , like a dream , like a dream , like a dream , like a dream , like a dream , like a dream
Like when a hungry man dreams , and , behold , he eats; but he is not hungry anymore , and he is not hungry anymore , and he is not hungry anymore , and he
Stay , and be quiet , and be quiet , but don't drink too much , but don't drink too much , and don't get in the way of people ,
The Lord has taken you into deep sleep , and he closed your eyes .
And he says , I can't , for it's sealed: And he says , I can .
Forasmuch as the people are approaching me with their mouth , and with their lips they honor me , but they have forgotten their heart , and they fear me
Who is looking for a deep cover of God's counsel , and they are saying , Who is looking at us ?
Who knows who we are ?
You are considered a potter's clay , for he is supposed to say he made it , he didn't ?
If the thing is framed , he doesn't understand what he's saying ?
It is not a little while , and Lebanon will be a fertile field , and the fertile field will be considered a forest ?
The deaf hear the words of the book , the blind see the light of the dark .
The poor among men will be happy with the Holy One of Israel , and the poor will be happy with the Holy One of Israel
The terrible one is destroyed , and the scorner is destroyed , and all who are guilty are condemned: That's why a man is an offender , and he is a snare for him
So the Lord says , Jacob will not be ashamed of his face , not even now , not even now , not even now
When he sees his children , he will be sanctified by my name , and he will be afraid of God's name
They will also understand , and they will be taught by the spirit
the Lord saith , but not me , and he covers with a cover , but not my soul , that they may be tempted to sin:
So you will be ashamed of Pharaoh , and you will be confused by the shadow of Egypt .
The princes of Zoan and the ambassadors of Hanes came to him .
Everyone was ashamed of the people who couldn't help them , or they would be ashamed of them
They carry their riches on the shoulders of young asses , and their riches on the shoulders of the young lion , the viper and the fiery serpent .
I have spoken to you , their strength is useless , and they will not help you
Write it in a table , and note it in a book , that it may be for the time of the future: That they will not be able to hear the law .
Thus it is with you , for you despise this word , and you trust in oppression and oppression , and you will remain there .
He breaks it as the potter's vessel is broken , and he does not spare: so that there will be no fire in the potter's vessel
So the Lord God , the Holy One of Israel , will return and rest , and you will be safe
But we will go on with the horse , so we will be swift to escape .
One thousand will be gone , and the five will be left as a beacon on the mountain , and as a sign on the hill .
And so the Lord will wait , that he may be gracious to you , and so he will be exalted , that he may be pleased with you
When he hears your cry , he will answer you with a great welcome , and he will be very kind to you
But your teachers will not be removed from the corner , but your eyes will see them , and your ears will hear the word .
You will also destroy the silver and gold coverings , and the gold and silver decorations of your graven images , and the gold and silver decorations of your graven
Then the rain will come , and the land will be fertile , and the land will be rich with grain and meat , and it will be fat and abundant .
The oxen and the young asses that are on the ground will eat clean , which has been washed with the shovel and with the fan .
in the day of the great slaughter , when the towers fall , there will be rivers and streams of water on all mountains and high hills
As the sun is seven times brighter than the Sun , the Sun is seven times brighter than the Sun , and the Sun is seven times brighter than the Sun as the Sun is a perfect circle around the Sun ,
the name of the Lord is a great , burning fire , and his mouth is full of indignation , and his tongue is full of anger:
As in the night when the holy solemnity is celebrated , and joy in the heart of the soul , as when one goes to the mountain of the Lord
The LORD will hear his glorious voice , and he will be heard by the anger of his anger , and the flames of his fire , and the flames of his fire , and the flames of his fire , and the flames of his fire
the Assyrian will be beaten by the voice of the Lord
He will fight with them in every place where the ground staff is passing , and the Lord will give him a harpoon and a harpoon .
The king is prepared , he has made it big and deep; the fire is like a stream of fire , like a fire .
They don't look to the Holy One of Israel , but to the chariots , because they're very strong; but they're not looking for the Holy One of Israel
But he is wise , and he does not call his words back , but he will be against the house of the evildoers , and against the help of them who do evil , and against the help of them who do good .
The Egyptians are men , not gods , and their horses are alive .
When the Lord's hand is extended , both he who helps and he who is helping will fall , and everyone will fall when they are not able to catch them , when they
As the lion and the lion roar at the prey , the crowd will not be afraid of them , nor will they be afraid of the voice of the Lord .
The Lord of the hosts will defend Jerusalem as birds fly , and he will defend them
Turn him over to the one who has deeply offended the children of Israel
Every man will have his idols of silver and gold , which he made for himself
The Assyrian will fall , not a mighty man , but a weak man , and the sword will be taken away from him
the Lord , who is in the Holy Land , and his fire is in Jerusalem , and his furnace in Jerusalem , will be afraid of the ensign , the Lord's fire
Look , the king will rule in righteousness , and the prince will rule in the right .
Like a hiding place , as a secret , as a storm , as a great rock in a weary land .
They don't look dim , and they don't look into the ears of those who hear .
The heart will understand the knowledge , and the tongue of the stammer will be ready to speak clearly
The vile person is no longer called liberal , nor is he a chubby .
The vile person will speak lies , and his heart will be full of sin , and he will be tempted to sin , and he will be tempted to sin , and he will be tempted to sin , and he will be tempted to sin , and he
The instruments of the churl are wrong: He is destroying the poor with lies , even if the needy are speaking the truth .
But liberal people are liberal , and they will be liberal .
Come , women who are comfortable , listen to my voice , you careless daughters .
You will be troubled for a long time , you careless women: The vintage will fail , the gathering will not be .
Be afraid , women who are comfortable; be afraid , you careless ones
They are sorry about the tits , the pleasant fields , the fertile vine .
Because the palaces will be abandoned , the city will be left , the city will be deserted , the city will be left
Then the judgment will be in the desert , and the righteous will be in the field .
the righteousness of the law is peace; the effect of the law is peace
When the city comes , the city will be low , and the city will be quiet , and the city will be quiet , and the city will be quiet , and the city
blessed are you who sow the ground , that the ox and the ass will be sent to the sea
Woe to you who spoil , and you didn't spoil it , and they didn't do it !
When you stop hurting , you will stop hurting , and when you have done it , they will stop hurting you
Oh , Lord , we've waited for you , and we've waited for you , and we've waited for you , and we've waited for you
The crowd fled , and the nations scattered .
As the locusts are running , they will be gathered like the caterpillar: as they run to and fro .
The Lord is exalted , for he is high in heaven: He has filled the land with justice and righteousness
The strength of your times and the strength of your salvation are the wisdom and knowledge of God
The brave ones will cry without: The envoy of peace will be bitterly disappointed
The highway is a waste , the wayfarer is dying , he's not paying attention to anyone .
The earth is mourning and livid: Lebanon is ashamed and heaves .
The Lord will raise me up , and I will be lifted up .
You'll be a fire , you'll be a fire , you'll be a fire
The people will burn as lime , as the fire burns .
I have done what I have done , and you , who are far , you know what I've done
the sinners in the Holy Land are afraid; they are surprised by the Pharisees
Who is going to be the one who is going to be the fire ?
Who among us will be burned forever ?
He walks straight , speaks truth , and is not afraid of losing his money , he stops his ears from hearing blood , and shuts his ears from hearing the sound of a hundred and fifty thousand cries ,
You see the king in his beauty: He's looking at the land that's a long way off
Your heart is haunted by fear .
Where is the scribe ?
Where is the receiver ?
Where is the one who counted the towers ?
You won't see a fierce people , a people who speak in a deeper language than you can understand
Look at Jerusalem , the city of the holy: Thou will see the holy city , a quiet , holy place , not a stake , not a stake , not a stake , not a stake , not a stake
There is a wide river and a wide stream , and there is no galley with sails , no ship will sail there .
The Lord is our judge , the Lord is our judge , the Lord is our king
The prey is divided , the prey is divided , the prey is divided , the prey is divided
The inhabitants of the house shall not say I am sick: They'll forgive me .
Come , you nations , listen to him , and listen , you people: Let the world hear , and everything that is in it .
the wrath of the Lord is on all nations , and all armies are utterly destroyed
They will be killed , and the blood will melt the mountains , and the blood will be spilled .
The sky will fall , the sky will be cloudless , the sky will be cloudless , the sky will be cloudless , the sky will be cloudless , the sky will be cloudless ,
I'll bathe my sword in the sky , and I'll be on my way to the people of my curse , to the judgment .
the blood of the LORD is full of fat , and the blood of the lambs and goats , the fat of the kidneys of the goats:
The unicorns will fall , the bullocks will come up , and the blood will be thick with fatness .
It is the day of the Lord's vengeance , and the year of the dispute in Jerusalem .
The streams shall be turned into a pitch , and the dust shall be turned into a fire .
The smoke is not extinguished , nor is it ever extinguished; it will remain forever; from generation to generation , it will be destroyed
But the cormorant and the bittern will be there , and the owl will be there , and the raven will be there .
They will call the nobility , but none of them will be there , and all of them will be nothing .
In the palace , the castle and the fortresses thereof shall be covered with thorns , and the dragon's lair is a lair for owls
The wild beasts of the desert will also meet the wild beasts of the island , and the satyr will be there , and he will find a place to rest , and he will keep the place safe for as long
the great owl will lay down , and lay , and hatch , and gather under her shadow:
Look in the book of the Lord , and read: No one of them will fail , none of them will want her mate
He has them , and he has his hand on them , and he has them all over the line .
The desert and the solitude will be happy , and the rose will be blooming .
The glory of Lebanon will be given to them , the glory of Carmel and Sharon , and the glory of the Lord will be seen .
Strengthen your weak arms and strengthen your weak knees .
Be strong , don't worry , your God will come to you with vengeance , even God with a vengeance
Then the blind will open their eyes and the deaf will be deafened .
then the lame man will leap , and the tongue of the dumb will sing:
The dry ground will become a pool , and the thirsty land will be flooded with water .
There is a way , and it is called the way of holiness; the unclean will not pass it , but it is for those:
There will be a lion , no ravenous beast , and no ravenous beast will be found there , but the redeemed will be there:
In the fourth year of Hezekiah , Sennacherib king of Assyria was attacked by all the cities of Judah , and he took them .
Rabshakeh was sent to Jerusalem by the Assyrian king Hezekiah with a large army .
In the highway of the fuller's field , he stood by the conduit .
Then Eliakim , Hilkiah's son , who was in the house , and Shebna , Asaph's son , the scribe .
Rabshakeh , the great king of Assyria , said: " What confidence is this ?
I tell you , I have a plan and strength for war: who do you trust ?
Thus , if a man is weak , he will be able to grab him , and he will be able to penetrate him with his staff , which is the king of Egypt
If you say we trust the Lord , is it not the one who took the high places and the altars of the Lord , and said to Judah and Jerusalem , you will be worshiped ?
If you can , I will give you two thousand horses if you can take them .
Then why do you trust Egypt's chariots and horses to the Egyptians ?
And now I'm going to destroy this country without the Lord ?
the Lord said , Go to the land and destroy it .
For we understand it: and speak to your servants in the Syrian language , for we understand it:
But did your master send me to your master and to you to tell you this ?
He didn't send me to the men who sit on the wall , so they could eat their dung and drink their piss with you ?
Rabshakeh cried out loud in the Jewish language , and the great king of Assyria's words were heard .
So the king says , don't let Hezekiah deceive you: He can't do it .
the Lord will not give you the city , saying , The Lord will surely deliver us .
So say the king of Assyria , and he will come to me with a present , and he will eat all of his fruit and all of his figs .
Watch out , hezekiah will convince you that the Lord will deliver us
Did the king of Assyria give his land to the gods of the nations ?
Where is the god of Hamath and Arphad ?
Where is the Sepharvaim god ?
And did they give Samaria to me ?
Who among the gods of the land have delivered the land to my hand , and the Lord has delivered Jerusalem to my hand ?
They answered him , but they did not answer him , for the king's commandment was , " Answer him . "
Shebna , the scribe , Joah , the son of Asaph , the recorder , and Shebna , the son of Sheba , the scribe , and Shebna , the son of Sheba , the scribe ,
When Hezekiah heard it , he took off his clothes and covered himself with a sackcloth and went to the house of the Lord .
Isaiah the prophet of Amoz , who was over the house , and Shebna the scribe , and the elders of the priests were covered with a blanket
So he said , This day is a day of trouble , and a warning , and a blasphemy: for the children are born , and there is no strength to bring them home .
the Lord your God will hear the words of Rabshakeh , the king of Assyria's master , and will punish the words of the Lord your God:
Thus the king Hezekiah's servants came to Isaiah .
So say the Lord , Be not afraid of the words you heard , where the king of Assyria has offended me
Look , I'll send a blast , and he'll hear the rumour , and he'll come back to his own country .
Rabshakeh returned , and he found the Assyrian king Libnah fighting with the Assyrian king .
He heard that Tirhakah king of Ethiopia was coming to fight you .
When he heard it , he sent messengers to Hezekiah , saying , Jerusalem will not deceive you , saying , Jerusalem will not be destroyed
Oh , you heard what the Assyrians have done to all the land , and you're supposed to be released ?
As Gozan , Haran , and Rezeph , and the children of Eden who were in Telassar , did the gods of the nations deliver them ?
Where is the king of Hamath , the king of Arphad , the king of Sepharvaim , the king of the city ?
the messenger of the Lord , who had sent the letter , took the letter from his hand and read it: and Hezekiah was reading it to the LORD .
the Lord of hosts , the God of Israel , the one who dwells between the cherubs , is God , the only one of all the kingdoms of the world
Open your eyes , O LORD , and see , O LORD , and hear the words of Sennacherib , which he sent to shame the living God .
For the Assyrians , the kings of Assyria have destroyed all nations , and their countries , and the gods they were made of wood and stone: therefore , they were not gods , but men's hands
So , O Lord , save us from his hand , that all the kingdoms of the world know you're the Lord
Thus saith the LORD God of Israel , And thou didst pray to me against Sennacherib king of Assyria:
Who did you blame and offend ?
And who raised your voice and looked up at the sky ?
Even against the Holy One of the Jewish people .
I must go to the mountains , I must go to the mountains , I must go to the mountains , I must go to the mountains , I must go to the mountains , I must go to the mountains , I must go to the mountains , I
I dug , drank water , and dried up the entire river .
Did you hear how I did it , and how I did it ?
I did it so that you destroy the cities of ruinous ruins
They were small , and they were confused , as the grass of the field , as the grass on the roof , and as corn was blown away .
I know your house , and your way out , and your anger against me
I'll put my hook in your nose , and I'll pull you out of your mouth , and I'll turn you around by the way you came , and I'll pull you out of your mouth ,
This year , as well as the next year , you will be eating what grows , and the next year , the same as the first year .
the remnant of the house of Judah will be taken down , and the remnant will be lifted up , and the fruit will be upward:
Thus the Assyrian king will not come to the city , nor will he shoot an arrow , nor will he be able to defend himself
By the way , the same thing will happen to him , and he won't come back , and he won't come to the city , by the way , the same thing will happen to
I will defend the city for my own sake and for my servant David's sake
the angel of the Lord came , and he struck the Assyrian camp with a hundred and four hundred and five thousand: and when they came to the morning , they were dead .
Sennacherib's king of Assyria has left , and he's gone and returned
When he was worshipping Nisroch , his god , Adrammelech and Sharezer's sons struck him with the sword; and they fled to the land of Armenia .
He was sick of Hezekiah in those days .
Isaiah the prophet Amoz came to him , and said ,
Remember , O LORD , I beg you , how I did it , and I did it with a perfect heart and I did it with a perfect heart
And Hezekiah was weeping .
Isaiah , the Lord , the God of David , I heard your prayer , I saw your tears .
I will take you and the city of Assyria from the king of Assyria's hand
It is a sign from the Lord , that the Lord will do what he has said , and the sun will be gone , and the sun will be gone , and the sun will be gone , and the sun will be gone
By the tenth degree , the sun was back .
When he was ill , and he recovered from his disease , I said I'd go to the grave: I'm sick of the rest of the time
I can't see the Lord in the world , even the Lord .
I'm leaving the shepherd's tent , and I'm leaving my life as a weaver: He'll cut me off with a sickening disease
I used to think about it , as a lion , so I'm thinking of it , so I'm thinking of it
As a crane or a swallow , I'm like a dove: I'm looking up , and I'm afraid of my eyes .
What do you want to say to me ?
He spoke to me , and he did it himself
Oh , my God , for the life of my soul , and for all the things that live , my soul is alive
Ah , my soul , I was bitter , but you gave me a great bitterness for peace: but you took my soul from the pit of corruption
Death cannot praise you , death can't celebrate you
As I do today , the father of the children will tell you the truth: The living , the living , he will praise you
We will sing our songs to the instruments of the LORD all our lives in the house of the LORD
Isaiah said , Let's take a lump of figs and put it on the boil , and he'll be all right .
What is the sign I am going to the house of the Lord ?
Hezekiah was sent a letter and a present from the king of Babylon , Baladan , who had heard he was sick .
She showed them the house of the precious things , the silver , the gold , the precious ointment , and everything in the house of the armor , and everything in the house of the armor , and everything in the house of the armor
Then Hezekiah the king asked , What did these people say ?
And who came to you from where ?
They came from a faraway land to me , even from Babylon .
Then he said , what did they see in your house ?
Hezekiah answered , I saw everything in my house: There is nothing in my treasure that I did not show them .
Isaiah to Hezekiah , hear the word of the LORD: Behold , the days are coming , and everything in your house and your father's house will be taken away .
They will take your sons , who will be born in you , and they will be eunuchs in the palace of the king of Babylon
Isaiah answered , Good is the word of God , which you have spoken .
In my time , there will be peace and truth
Be comforted , my people , my God .
She will be forgiven for all her sins , for she has received the Lord's hand twice for all her sins
the voice of the one who is crying in the desert , prepare the way of God , make it to the desert .
The valley will be exalted , the mountains will fall , the hills will be flat , and the crooked will be straight:
the voice said , Cry .
And he said , What do you want to say ?
The grass is grass , the flowers are flowers , the grass is the grass .
The grass is withered , the flowers are fadening: but the word of God will be heard .
The mountains of Zion , the mountains of Jerusalem , the mountains of Jerusalem , the mountains of Jerusalem , the mountains of Jerusalem , the mountains of Jerusalem
Look , the Lord God will come with a strong hand and his arm will be strong , and he will be rewarded .
He will feed his flock like a shepherd , and he will carry them in his arms and carry them to the young .
Who is measuring the water in the hollow of his arm , and he is measuring the sky , and he is weighing the mountains , and the mountains are balanced ?
Who is the one who directs the spirit of the Lord , or he is his counselor ?
who taught him , and who taught him , and who taught him , and who taught him , and who taught him , and who taught him , and who
Look , the nations are like a bucket of water , and they are counted as a small dust in the balance:
The fire is not enough for Lebanon , nor the beasts of the beasts .
He doesn't count them , and he doesn't count them , and he doesn't count them
Then who will you be to God ?
What likeness will you be to him ?
The worker melts the image , the goldsmith makes gold chains , and the goldsmith's hands are covered with gold .
He is so impoverished that he doesn't want to go to the grail , he is looking for a cunning man to prepare a grail , that he won't move .
You don't know about this ?
Did you hear about it ?
Was it from the beginning ?
You don't understand the foundations of the earth ?
He sits on the circle of the earth , and the inhabitants thereof are like grasshoppers; that he spread them out like a tent to sleep in:
Yes , they are not planted , they don't grow , and the wind will blow them away , and the wind will blow them away , and the wind will blow them away , and the
Then who will you be to me , or will I be the same ?
saith the Holy One , the Holy One
look up , and see who created them , that he can bring them to the number of his host , for he is strong in strength; not one name
Why do you say , Jacob , and tell me , Israel , My God is not listening to me ?
Do you not know about this ?
Did you hear , the eternal God , the Lord , the creator of the world , is not weary ?
He doesn't understand the search .
He gives power to the weak , and he increases his strength
The young men will faint and be weary , and the young men will be utterly exhausted
Keep quiet , O islands , and let the people be strong , so they can be heard: Let's go !
the righteous man from the east , the one who called him to his feet , gave the nations before him , and he ruled them ?
He gave them to the sword , and as he was a stubble on his bow , he gave them to the king .
He followed them , and he was safe , even if he didn't go with his legs .
Who did it and done it , calling the generations ?
I'm the first one , and the last one .
The islands were afraid , and they drew closer , and they came .
Everyone helped each other , and everyone said , " Be brave "
the goldsmith , who was a smooth-handed man , and who was a smooth-handed man , said , It's ready for the smiting: and he fastened the nails with a nail .
I chose you , Israel , my servant , Jacob , my friend of Abraham
I took you from the ends of the earth , and I called you from the highest men of the world , and I chose you .
Don't worry , I'm with you , and I'm with you , and I'm going to help you , and I'm going to help you .
They will be ashamed and confused , and they will be nothing to you , and they who try to fight you will be utterly destroyed
You'll find them , and you won't find them , even if they're fighting you .
I'll help you , Lord , if you don't mind me .
Don't worry , Jacob , and the people of Israel , I'll help you , the Lord , and the Holy One of Israel .
Look , I'll make you a sharp shovel with teeth , and you'll be able to beat the mountains , and you'll be able to beat them , and you'll be able to beat them .
You will be happy , and the wind will carry them away , and the wind will blow them away , and the wind will blow them away
I will hear the poor and needy , and I will not be able to drink , and I will not be able to drink , and I will not be able to drink , and
I will open the river , and the water will flow into the valleys , and the dry land will be a pool of water .
I will plant the cedar , the shittah tree , and the myrtle , and the oil tree in the desert .
the Lord says , " Take your cause , my lord , and you will be strong "
Let them come , and let them show us what they are , so we can see what they are like , and we can see what they are like , and we can see what they are like , and
shew what's coming , so we can know that you're gods: Yes , do good , or do bad , so we can be disappointed .
Look , you're nothing , and you have nothing to do with it: an abomination is he who chooses you
He will call me from the north , and he will come to me from the rising sun: and he will come to the prince as a potter's clay
Who says we can know from the beginning ?
So we can say he's right ?
No one , no one , no one , no one
The first one says , Behold , look , I'll give you one that will bring good news to Jerusalem .
I saw it , and I saw no one , even among them , and I saw no one , even among them , who would answer a word .
Look , they're all vain , their work is nothing: They're all confused and confused .
Look , my servant , who I have upheld , my soul is happy with him
He won't cry , he won't lift , he won't be heard on the street .
He must not break a broken reed , and the smoke of flax must not be extinguished: he shall be judged by the truth
Until he has ruled the world , he will not fail , nor will he be deterred
He who created the heavens and stretched them out , and the earth , and the spirit of the people who breathed them .
I am the Lord , and I will not give my glory to any of the statues
I'll tell you , before they come out , I'll tell you what they are like .
Sing the new song , and the praise of the Lord will be on the end of the world , the islands , and the inhabitants thereof
The mountains and the cities of the desert , the inhabitants of the rock , the people of the mountains , the people of the mountains , the people of the mountains
The Lord will be praised by the islands , and the praise will be announced on the islands
The Lord will go forth as a mighty warrior , and he will be like a warrior , and he will be victorious .
I was a long-term peace , I was quiet , and I was quiet , and I was quiet , and I was quiet , and I was quiet , and I was quiet
I will make mountains and hills , and I will dry them up , and I will make the rivers .
I'll lead them in the dark , and I'll lead them in the dark , and I'll lead them in the dark
I'll do it to them and I won't let them go .
They will turn back , they will be ashamed , they will say , " We are gods "
Look , you deaf , you blind , you see .
Who is blind , but my servant ?
Or deaf , as my messenger I sent ?
Who is blind as the Lord's servant ?
You see a lot , but you don't hear him , but he's listening .
The Lord is pleased with his righteousness , and he will magnify the law , and he will be honored
They robbed and ruined the people , and they hid them in the hole , and they were imprisoned .
Who will listen to this ?
Who will be listening and listening ?
Who is going to rob Jacob and Israel ?
the Lord , the one who has sinned against us ?
They don't want to go in his way , neither do they obey his law
He poured his rage into him , and the strength of battle was on him , yet he did not know it .
Oh , my God , I have redeemed you , I have called you by your name , and you are mine .
When you go through the water , I will be with you , and the river will not flood you when you cross it , when you reach the island ,
I am the Lord of God , the Holy One of Israel , the savior of the Jews
You were precious to me , and I loved you , so I gave you my life .
I'm with you: I'll take you from the east , and I'll take you from the west .
Bring the blind and deaf to the light .
Who among them can tell us the past , and show us the present ?
They will testify , that they can be justified , or they will testify to the truth
I have chosen you , my servant , and I have chosen you , my servant , to know and believe me , and I am telling you , I am the one who is God .
I am the Lord , and I am not the savior
I have sworn , and I have saved , and I have shown you , and I have done it , so you can see , and I'm God .
Yes , before the day I am here , and no one will be able to take my arm:
I sent them to Babylon , and I have destroyed all the nobles and the Chaldeans who were on the ships
I am the Lord , the Holy One , the king of Israel
The LORD , who is in the sea , and in the great seas , and in the great seas , and in the great seas , and in the great seas , and in the great seas
Don't remember the old things , don't think about them .
Look , I want to do something new , now it's gonna be all over the place , right ?
I'll drive out to the desert and the desert .
I am honored by the beasts of the field , the dragons and the owls , because I am giving water to the desert and the desert to my people
I created them for myself , they'll show my praise
You didn't call me , Jacob , but you were tired of me , Israel .
You did not give me a small herd of burnt offerings , nor did you honor me with your sacrifice .
I did not give you an offering , nor did I wear you out with incense .
You didn't buy me a sweet cane with money , but you gave me a fat sacrifice , and you made me a fool of myself
I am the one who will not remember your sins , even I , even I , who will not remember your sins
Let's remember: Let's agree to plead together: You can be justified .
Your father has sinned , and your teachers have betrayed me
I have offended the holy men of the sanctuary , and I have cursed Jacob , and Israel has been punished
So the LORD has chosen you , and he has formed you from the womb , and you will help you; don't worry , Jacob , my servant .
I'll pour water on him , and the dry ground will flood him with water , and the water will be on the dry ground:
I am the Lord , and I am the name of the other one , and he goes to call himself Jacob .
I'm the first one , and I'm the last one .
Who , as I , will call and tell you , and I will set it all up for me , since I have appointed the old people ?
let them show them what's coming , and what's coming .
Don't worry , don't be afraid , I told you from the start .
You're my witnesses too .
Does God have a hand in me ?
No God , I don't know .
They are all vanity , and their delectable things are not worth anything; and they are their own witnesses , they don't see , they don't know .
Who is to make a god , or a graven image that is worth nothing ?
Look , all the men will be ashamed , and the workers will be ashamed of them: they will be ashamed , and they will be ashamed
He drinks , and his strength is weak , and he drinks , and he drinks , and he drinks , and he drinks , and he drinks , and he drinks , and he drinks , and he drinks , and he drinks , and he drinks , and
The carpenter's stretcher , the marketeer , the compass , the compass , the compass , the compass , the compass , the
He goes to the woods , and he plants an ash , and the rain nourishes him .
He burns , and he burns , and he burns , and he burns , and he burns , and he burns , and he burns , and he burns , and he burns , and he burns
He burns with fire , and he eats meat , and he says , Aha , I'm hot , I've seen the fire .
He shut his eyes , and they could not see him , and his heart , that they could not understand .
None of them knew anything , not even to say , I burned a part of him in the fire , and I ate him .
Would I fall into the tree ?
He eats the ashes , a heart that's turned away , and he can't tell whether he's lying or not
Remember , Jacob and Israel , for you are my servants
I took you , as a thick cloud , your sins , and , as a cloud , your sins
For the LORD has done it , the heavens , the mountains , the woods , the trees , the trees , the trees , the trees ,
I am the Lord , the creator of you , the one who made you from the womb , and I am the one who's making everything .
I will open the two gates , and Cyrus will be able to subdue the nations before him , and I will release the loins of kings , to open the two gates;
I called you by your name , Jacob , and Israel , my servant , I called you .
I am the Lord , and there is no one else , there is no God beside me: I am on my way to the west , and from the west , I am on my way to the east , and from the east , I am
I am the Lord , and I am not .
I create light , and I create darkness: I am the Lord of all of them
Drop down , the heavens , and let the sky fall , and the earth opens , and the salvation of the world will be revealed
Woe to the one who tries to fight the Maker !
The Potherd will try to fight the Potherd of the Earth .
Shall he tell him he fashioned it , what's the matter with him ?
Or your job , he doesn't have hands ?
What do you say to your father ?
What did you bring to the woman ?
So the Lord , the Holy One of Israel , and the Lord of the Lord , I ask you to tell me what's going to happen to my sons and my hands
I created the earth , and I created the world , and I did it with my hands
I will take him to the city , and he will let go of my captives , not for money or reward , the Lord of the Lord
The Egyptians , the Ethiopians and the Sabians will come to you , and they will be yours
You are a God who hid your face , God of Israel , the savior .
They will be ashamed , and they will also be confused , they will all go to confusion
But the Lord will save Israel with eternal salvation: You won't be ashamed or embarrassed
He created the heavens and the earth , and he created them , and he created them , and he created them , and he created them , and he created them , and he created them , and he created them , and he created them , and he
I didn't tell the seed of Jacob , I told you , I told you , I told you , I told you , I told you , I told you
Come , come , come , come , come , come , come ,
Tell me , and let them be near , and they will discuss it: who has told you ?
Who told me this from then ?
I am not the Lord , but God ?
No God , no God , no God , no
Look , I'm God , and there's nobody else .
I swear to myself , the word is out of my mouth , and I swear to you , I swear to you , I swear to you , I swear to you
I'm sure I'll say , in the name of God , I have strength and strength: I'm strong and I'm strong .
All the seed of Israel will be justified in the Lord
The Nebo stood , stooping , and the idols were on the beasts , and the cattle were heavy .
They bow , they bow , they bow , they bow , they
I listen to you , Jacob , and all the rest of the house of Israel , which are carried out of my belly , which are carried out of the womb
Who will you compare me to , and compare me to you ?
They are taking gold out of the bag , weighing silver , and they are hiring a goldsmith .
He shall bear him on his shoulder , and he will carry him , and he will stand; from his place he cannot be removed , and he will not be able to save him
Remember , O you sinners , remember this: Let it be remembered .
I am God , and there is no one else , I am God , and there is no one else , I am God , and there is no one else , I am God , and there is no one else , I am God , and there
I bring my righteousness to you , you tough guys , who are far from righteousness: I'm going to be happy with my salvation
Sit down , my virgin daughter of Babylon , sit down , and you won't be called delicate and delicate .
Take the millstones , and you'll be able to dig in , you'll be able to
I will reveal your nakedness , and I will see you naked .
The name of our savior is the name of the Lord of the Lord
Keep quiet , and don't call me , the lady of the kingdom .
I am angry with my people , I have polluted my inheritance , and I gave them no mercy
You said I would be a woman forever , so you didn't think about the end of it , but I didn't remember the end of it , either .
I don't know if I'm a widow , not even if I'm a widow , I'm not interested in losing , I'm not interested in losing anybody else .
You trusted in your bad behavior , and you said , No one sees me .
You have said in your heart , I am , and no one else is .
So it will be , you will not know from where it is going to come , and you will be struck by evil , you will not be able to escape .
If you can , if you can , if you can , if you can , if you can , if you can , if you can , if you can , if you can , if you
You were tired of your advice in the crowd .
So , let's get the astrologers , the stargazers , the prognosticators , the monthly prognosticators , and save you from what's going to happen to you .
There will be stubble , the fire will burn them , they won't be able to sit down , they won't be able to hold the fire .
So you will be with your merchants , from your youth , who will wander all over the quarter .
I heard it , Jacob , which is called by the name of Israel , and they came out of the waters of Judah , and they swore to God , but not to God
They are called the holy city , and they are staying there with God's name .
I said things from the beginning , and they came out of my mouth , and I did them .
I knew since the beginning that you were stubborn , and your neck was a steel neck , and your eyebrows were brass .
You heard , you saw everything , and you didn't tell me ?
I showed you new things , even hidden things , and you didn't know about them .
They are created now , not from the beginning , even before the day you heard them , even before the day you did .
Yes , you didn't hear , you didn't know , you didn't know , you didn't know , you didn't know , you didn't know
I'm sorry about my name , but I'm sorry about my name , and I'm sorry about my name , and I'm sorry about my name , and I'm sorry about my name , and I
Look , I refined you , but I chose you in the furnace of suffering
I will do it for my own sake , even for my own sake:
I don't give my glory to anyone else .
I am Jacob and Israel , my name is Jacob , I am the one who is the first
When I call , they stand up together , mine hand is on the ground , my right arm is on the sky .
Okay , let's get together , and listen to what they said ?
The Lord loves him , and he will be glad to do Babylon's arm .
I spoke , even I , I spoke , and he did well .
I didn't tell you from the beginning , from the time I started , I'm here , and the Lord God and his spirit sent me
So the Lord , the Redeemer of Israel , I am the God of your salvation , which leads you to the way you should go
You should have listened to my instructions !
He was like a river , and his name was like the waves of the sea .
Go to Babylon , go to the Chaldans , and tell the Lord , he has saved his servant Jacob
He led them through the desert , and the water flowed out of the rock .
The evil is not peace , the Lord says .
Listen , O isles , for me , and hearken , you people , from the depths of my mother's womb , he calls me .
He hid me in the shadow of his hand , and I was a polished spear; in his holster he hid me; And said to me , Thou art my servant , O Israel .
I worked , I wasted my strength , I ran and tripped , I fell down , I broke my leg , I was in the hospital , I got a bad cold
The LORD has created me from the womb to serve him , and I will be strong in the eyes of the LORD , and my God will be my strength
I will also give you a light for the gentiles , that you may be a light for the Jews , that you may be a light for the Jews:
the Lord , the Redeemer of Israel , the Holy One of God , to whom the nation is abhorrent , to the servant of the king , the king will be pleased
The LORD , I heard you , and I helped you , and I will keep you , and I will help you in the day of salvation
They go to eat , and their pastures are high .
He shall not hunger or thirst , neither shall the sun nor the heat of the sun strike them .
I'll make my mountains , and I'll make my roads .
Look , these are from the north and from the west; and these are from the land of Sinim .
Sing , O heaven; and be happy , O earth; and sing , O mountains: for the Lord has comforted his people , and he will be pleased with them
But the Lord has forgotten me , and my Lord has forgotten me
Should a woman forget her son's suckling , that she shouldn't be able to care about her son ?
Yes , they will forget , but I will not forget you .
Look , I'm on my hands and your walls are constantly before me .
Your children will be quick , and your destroyers will be gone
Look round , and see: All of them are gathered , and they come to you .
As I am alive , the Lord says , you will be dressed as an ornament , and you will be bound to you like a bride , as I am .
For the waste and destruction of your land , and the destruction of your own , the inhabitants will be far away
the children who have lost you will tell you , " The place is too tight for me "
Then you'll tell me who's got me , and if I lost my kids , and I'm lost , and I'm gone ?
Who's gonna bring them up ?
Look , I'm alone; where did they go ?
The Lord God , I'll lift my hand to the Gentiles , and I'll put my standard on the people
They will bow to you with their faces to the ground , and lick the dust of your feet .
shall the prey be taken by the mighty , or the lawful prisoner ?
So the LORD says , And I will fight with him , and I will save your children .
I will give them to you as sweet wine , and they will drink their blood like sweet wine , and I will send them away as I did when
So the Lord says , Where's the divorce of your mother ?
Or who's the creditor I sold you ?
Look , you sold your sins , and your mother has been taken away .
So I can't be here , right ?
Was there no one to answer when I called ?
Is my hand shortened , so I can't be forgiven ?
Or can I not do it ?
I dry the sea , I dry the river , and the fish stink .
I take the sky , and I cover the blackness .
The Lord God gave me a tongue , so I could speak to him who was tired , and he woke me in the morning , for I had been awake for more than a week .
The Lord God opened my ears and I didn't resist , but I didn't want to .
I hid my face in shame and spit , and I hid my face in shame and spit , and I hid my face in shame and spit ,
I know that I am not ashamed of my face , and I am not ashamed of my face
He is almost as much of a problem for me as he is for him .
Who is my enemy ?
He comes closer to me .
Oh , my God , who will be able to punish me ?
All of them will be old as a garment; the moth will eat them .
Who among you is the one who is the Lord , who's listening to the voice of his servant , who's walking in the dark ?
Believe the name of God , and stay with God .
Look , all you who lit the fire , the compass you're looking at , the sparks you kindled , walk in the light of the fire .
You have my hand , you'll be sad .
Look , you who follow the law , you who seek the Lord , look to the rock where you're digging .
Look to your father Abraham , and Sarah who gave you birth .
The Lord will comfort Zion , and he will comfort all the waste places , and he will be like the garden of the Lord; joy and joy will be found there
For the sake of the people , listen to me , my people , and listen to me , my nation
I am almost there , my righteousness is almost complete , my salvation is gone , and I am waiting for them to trust me .
look into the sky , and look down on the earth beneath:
Behold , the people who know the law , the people who have my heart , be afraid of nothing , for they will not be ashamed of you
The moth will eat them like a garment , and the worm will eat them like wool .
Awake , awake , put on strength , Lord , as in the old days
Did Rahab hurt the dragon ?
art thou not the sea that dried the sea , the waters of the great deep ?
They will return , and they will return with joy and joy to Zion , and they will be happy and happy
I , too , am the one who will comfort you: who's the one who's afraid of dying , and the son of a man who's gonna be like grass .
Where is the rage of the oppressor ?
The prisoner is hastening to release him , and he must not die in the pit , nor will his bread be lost
I am the Lord of the Sea , the waves of the sea , the waves of the sea
I'm telling you , I'm telling you , I'm telling you , I'm telling you , I'm telling you , I'm telling you , I'm telling you , I'm telling you , I'm telling you
You woke up , you woke up , you woke up , you woke up , you woke up , you woke up , you woke up
None of the sons she has brought forth , nor any of the sons she has taken , is able to guide her .
Who will be sorry for you ?
Desolation , destruction , famine , and the sword: by whom will I comfort you ?
The sons of your sons are all over the streets , as a wild bull in a net: They are full of anger of God .
I took the cup of your hand , but not with wine .
Come , awake , awake , O Jerusalem , the holy city , for the time is not yet .
Get out of the dust , you are going to sit down , you are a captive of the temple , you daughter of Zion
So the Lord says , you sold your soul for nothing , and you will be saved without money
Thus the Assyrian was oppressed by the Assyrian , and the Assyrian was oppressed without cause .
So then , what's the point of my people , the Lord ?
The Lord says , " They rule over them , and they scream , " My name is still being condemned "
So my name will be known by my people: therefore they will know me .
the feet of the good man who brings good news , that he brings good news to the mountains , that he brings good news to the mountains; that he says to the mountains , Thy God is on his feet
The watchmen will raise the voice , and they will sing: They will see the Lord's return , and they will see the same eye .
Sing together , you waste places of Jerusalem , for the Lord has comforted his people , he has saved Jerusalem
All nations will see the salvation of God in the eyes of the Lord
Go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go
You don't have to hurry , nor do you have to fly .
Look , my servant will be cautious , he will be praised and praised , and he will be very high .
so many nations will be surprised at you , and your face will be more than the sons of men:
Who is going to believe our report ?
Who is the Lord's arm ?
He is a tender plant , and as a root out of a dry ground , he is not beautiful .
He is hated and rejected by men , and he is known to be a sad , and he is known to be a little sad .
We were saddened , we were saddened , we were saddened , we were saddened , we were saddened
He was wounded in our sins , but he was wounded in our sins , and we were healed .
We have all turned to our own way , and the Lord has made us all guilty
He was oppressed , and he was suffering , but he didn't open his mouth: He's a lamb to the slaughter , and he's a sheep before his eyes
He was taken from prison and from the court: Who's gonna tell the generation ?
He was taken out of the land of the living: He was a transgression of my people
He was a grave , and the rich man died with him , because he didn't do anything , and he didn't lie .
When you make him a sin , he will be happy to bruise him , and he will be happy to suffer , and the LORD will prosper in his soul
He will see the suffering of his soul , and he will be satisfied: He will bear the sins of my soul
He divided the spoils with the strong , and he divided the spoils with the strong , because he had poured his soul into death , because he had loved death .
You , who did not bear , you who did not suffer , you who did not suffer , you who did not suffer , you who did not suffer , you who did not suffer
Tent , curtains , cords , stakes , ropes , the stakes , the hooks , the stakes , the ropes , the knots , the ropes , the knots , the knots
Don't worry , don't worry , don't worry , don't worry , don't worry , don't worry
The name of your God is your husband , the name of the Lord of the whole world
When you were rejected , your God called you a woman abandoned and a woman of youth , and she was a woman of her age
I have been away for a while , but I will come back with great mercy
For a moment I hid my face , but I will be merciful to you , the Lord of the Redeemer
I swear to you , as I promised Noah , that the waters of Noah will not be over the earth
The mountains will fall , the mountains will fall , but my kindness will not be lost , nor will my peace be lost
I'll lay down the stones , and I'll lay down the sapphires , and I'll lay down the stones with a nice color .
I'll make your windows and your gates of carbuncles , and all your borders of pleasant stones
Your children will be taught by the Lord , and your children will be happy
You will be established in righteousness , you will not be afraid of oppression , for you will not be afraid of them
Look , they're definitely gathering , but not by me: whoever gets in with you will fall down .
Look , I created a smith that was going to burn the coals and bring out the tools for his work
No weapon that will be against you will prosper; and every tongue that will oppose you will be condemned
It is the heritage of the servants of God , and I am proud of it
Come , all who thirst , come to the water , and the one who doesn't have money , come to the water , and the one who does have money , come to
So you spend money on something that doesn't have bread ?
And you work for what you don't ?
Be careful , and eat what is good , and your soul will be happy with fatness
Listen , and I'll tell you , your soul will live , and I'll be sure to make a promise to you , even the sure mercy of David .
I gave him to the people , a leader and commander of the people
For the Lord your God is the one who has honored you , and he will be honored by the nation you know , and the nation you don't know
Call upon the Lord when he finds him , and call him when he's near , and he'll be happy to forgive you .
I'm not thinking about your thoughts , not even your ways , the Lord .
As the sky is higher than the ground , so is my way higher than yours
When the rain falls , the snow falls , the sky is dark , and the sky is not returning , but the earth is growing , and the sower is growing , and the seed is growing , and the seed is growing , and the seed is
You will be happy , and you will be happy , and the mountains and the hills will be singing , and the trees will be clapping .
Instead of the thorn , the fir tree , the myrtle tree , and the name of the Lord will be forever
So the Lord says , keep your judgment , and do justice: for my salvation is near
blessed is the man who does it , and the son of a man who's holding it , and he keeps his hands off it
No one shall speak to the stranger , who joins himself to the Lord , saying , The Lord has completely separated me from my people
I will give them a place and a place in my house and in my walls , and I will give them my house and my walls , and I will give them my house and my walls , and I will give them my house and my walls
the sons of strangers , who join themselves to the Lord , to serve him , and to love the name of the Lord , to be his servants , every one who keeps the Sabbath .
the Lord God , who is the one who gathereth the outcasts of Israel , says , But I'll take them to him
all the beasts in the field , all the beasts in the woods
They are all ignorant , they are all dumb , they can't even bark .
Yes , they are greedy dogs , they are always looking for their own gain , and they are all looking for their own way , and they are all looking for their own way , and they are all looking for their own way ,
Come , tell them , I'll bring a bottle of wine , and we'll have a good time , and we'll have lots of drinks , and we'll have all the wine in the world .
the righteous man , and no one will take him to heart: and the good man is taken away , no one will take him to heart
They will rest in their beds , each one walking upright .
But come closer , you sons of the witch , the seed of the adulterer and the whore
Who is the sport you are playing against ?
Who pulls your tongue out of your mouth ?
You are not kids who have transgressed , you are kids who have lied , you are kids who have killed children in the valleys under the rocks ?
Your part is among the smooth stones of the stream , and they are your lot .
Should I be comforted by this ?
You lay down on a high mountain and offered a sacrifice .
You have also taken the door and the posts , and you have revealed yourself to someone else than me , and you have expanded your bed as well as your soul .
You took the ointment , and you increased your perfume , and you sent your messengers far away , and you were debased
You were in the way of great power , yet you didn't say , There's no hope .
And who were you afraid or afraid to tell me , and you didn't remember me ?
I never got quiet , and you didn't want me to ?
I will tell you , your righteousness and your deeds will not be profitable
If you are afraid , let your companies go , but the wind will carry them away; vanity will be taken away , but he who trusts me will be able to take the land
I dwell in the high and holy place , with the spirit of the humble , and I will be reborn in the spirit of the humble
I can't argue with you , not even for me , not even for you , not even for me , not even for you
I was angry , and I struck him , and he was furious , and he ran away with his heart , and I was lost in the middle of it .
I saw him , and I'll fix him , and I'll take care of him and his mourners .
I create the fruit of the mouth; peace , peace to him who's far away , and he's near .
But the evil sea , which cannot rest , is like a troubled sea , which is full of mud and dirt
The evil is not peace , my God .
Heave a loud , shrill scream , and he will show the sins of Jacob and the house of Jacob , and the house of Jacob's sins
Yet they seek me daily , and they delight in knowing my ways , as a nation that has done justice and has not forsaken God's law: they ask me to know God's law
Then we get fast , right ?
Then why did we offend our soul , and you don't know ?
Look , you'll have pleasure , and you'll be able to do everything .
Look , you get fast , you get fast , you get fast , you get fast , you get fast , you get fast , you get fast , you get fast , you get fast , you get fast , you get fast , you
So I chose it so quickly ?
A day to be a man who hurts his soul ?
To bow to the ground and spread the ashes under him ?
Shall the Lord be pleased with such a day ?
I didn't choose the fastest ?
To let the evil go , to undo the heavy burden , and to let the oppressed go free ?
You're not trying to feed the hungry , and you're going to the house of the poor ?
When you see the naked , you see him , and you don't hide your body ?
Then the morning will break , and the light will be broken , and your health will be quick .
You will call , and the Lord will answer , and you will scream , and he will say , I am here .
If you take off the yoke , the finger , and the tongue , and the vanity; and if you're hungry , you'll be hungry , and you'll be hungry , and you'll be hungry , and you'll be
You will build the old ruins , you will build the foundations of generations , and you will be called , the restorer of the breach , the restorer of the way
From the Sabbath , from the holy day of the Lord , to honor him , not to do your own way , but to honor him , honorable; and you will honor him , not to do your own way
Your God's hand is not shortened , that he can't save you , nor your ears , that he can't hear: But your sins have hidden his face from you
Blood , blood , blood , blood , blood , blood , blood ,
They trust in vanity , and they speak lies , they think of evil , and they bring forth iniquity
He eats the eggs , and he eats the spider's web , and he eats the egg .
They don't become clothes , they don't cover themselves with their work , they're just in the hands of violence .
They run to evil , and they seek to destroy innocent blood: They think of evil , and they seek to destroy themselves
They know not peace , and they don't know who goes there , and they don't know who's going to be happy .
We wait for light , but we're in darkness .
We're like blind , and we're like blind , and we're like blind , and we're like blind , and we're like blind , and we're like blind , and we're like blind , and we're like
We are like bears , we are sad , we look for judgment , but there is nothing to be done
We know our sins , and we know our sins , and we know our sins , and we know our sins , and we know our sins
The judge is turned away , and justice is not far away
Truth is , he is a fool , and he is a prey to the Lord , who saw him , and he was disgusted .
He saw no man , and he wondered if there was no one to help him:
He put on the breastplate of righteousness , and the helmet of salvation on his head; and he was dressed in the robes of vengeance .
According to his deeds , he will repay , vengeance to his enemies , retribution to his enemies
From the west , the name of the Lord will be feared , and the glory of the sun will rise
When the enemy comes , the Spirit of God will raise a standard against him
The Redeemer will come to the Zion of the Lord , and the ones who have turned away from sin in Jacob
I swear to you , my soul and my words , which I have spoken to you , will not leave your mouth , nor out of your mouth of your seed , which I have in fact and in fact , and
Come , shine , for the glory of God is shining on you
The darkness will cover the earth , and the people will be gross .
The Gentiles will come to your light , and the kings will be brighter .
Look round , and see: They all come to you , and your sons and daughters will come from far .
Then you will see , and you will be afraid , and your heart will be enlarged , because the sea will be converted to you
The camels will cover you , the dromedaries of Midian and Ephah; they will come from Sheba .
The Kedar will come to you , the Nebaioth will be with you , and I will be honored by the house of my glory
Who is flying like a cloud , and as a doves to the window ?
The ships of the Tarshish will come to the name of the Lord , and the Holy One of Israel , and the silver and gold will be taken to the Holy One of Israel
I have struck you , but I have mercy on you , and I have mercy on the sons of strangers
Thus the gates of the gate are open , and the gates are open to the Gentiles , and the king's troops will be brought to you
the nation and the kingdom that will not serve you will be utterly destroyed
The glory of Lebanon will be yours , the fir tree , the pine tree , and the box , and I'll make it beautiful .
They will bow to you , and all who despise you will bow to you; and they will call you , the city of the Lord , the Holy One .
I will make you an eternal glory , a joy for many generations , and I will leave you alone
You will also suck the milk of the gentiles , and you will be the king of the Jews , and you will know that I am the Lord of Jacob
I'll bring gold and silver , and I'll bring silver and wood , and I'll bring them to you .
Your country will not hear any more violence , wasting or destruction , but you will call your walls of salvation , and your gates will be praised
The sun will not shine on you , nor will the moon give you light , but the Lord will be with you forever
The sun will not fall , nor will the moon disappear , for the Lord will be your eternal light
They will inherit the land , the branch of my garden , the work of my hands , that I may be honored
A little one will be a thousand , a little one will be a strong nation
The Lord God is with me , because the LORD has chosen me to be a preacher of good news to the poor , and the captives , and the opening of the captives
They build the old ruins , they raise the ruins of the past , and they rebuild the ruins of the past
The stranger will stand and feed your flock , and the alien will be your plow and your vinedressers .
You will be called the priests of the Lord , and you will be called the ministers of God's glory
For shame , they will have double , and they will be delighted with the joy of their country:
I'm a judge , I hate robbery , and I'll tell them the truth , and I'll make a promise to them .
All who see them will recognize them , that they are the seed of the Lord , and they will be known by the Gentiles
For the Lord , my soul will be happy with the Lord , for he has taken me to the robe of salvation , and he has adorned me with the robe of righteousness
The Lord God will bring forth the righteousness and praise of the nations , and the earth will bring forth the bud
I will not rest until the righteousness of the Lord is revealed , and the salvation of Jerusalem is as bright as a light , and the salvation of the Lord is as bright as a flame
The Gentiles will see your righteousness , and all the kings will be proud of you
You will be a crown of glory in the hands of God , and a royal crown in the hands of your God
You will no longer be called Forsaken , nor will your land be desolate: but you will be called Hephzi-bah , and your land will be blessed
As a young man marries a virgin , so will your sons marry you .
You may remember that you may remember that you may remember that you may remember that you may remember that you may remember that you may remember that you may remember that you may remember that you may remember that you may remember that you may remember that you may
The Lord swore by his hand , and his strength , I am not going to give you the corn , for the sake of your enemies
Go through the gate , go through the gate , prepare the way of the people; lift the gate; lift the gate; lift the gate
Oh , the Lord has spoken , and the daughter of Zion , behold , the salvation of the world is with him , and his work is before him
They call themselves , the holy people , the redeemed of the Lord:
Who is the one who comes from Edom with a dyed dress ?
That's beautiful in the dress , the way he travels ?
I speak the truth , I am strong enough to save
So art thou red with thy clothes , and your clothes like him who wears wine ?
I will go alone , and I will go to the winepress alone , and I will be angry with them , and I will destroy them with my anger , and I will make them suffer for it .
I have a heart for revenge , and the year of my redemption is here
I looked , and there was nothing to help me; and I was wondering if there was anything to protect me from that .
I will take my anger and my anger to the people I am angry with , and I will make them drunk with anger , and I will destroy their strength
They will mention the lovingkindness of the Lord , and the praise of the LORD
he said , I'm sure they're my people , kids who won't lie:
He was afflicted with all his suffering , and the angel of his presence saved him: in his love and in his grief he saved them
But they rebelled , and they offended the spirit of the Holy Spirit:
And he remembered the days of old , when Moses and his people were on the sea , and he remembered the shepherd's flock
Where is the spirit of the Holy Spirit ?
then Moses , with his glorious arm , divided the water before them , and he became a name forever ?
So they rode through the deep , as a horse in the wild ?
The Spirit of the LORD caused him to rest when the beast fell into the valley
Look down from heaven , and see the glory of your holiness and your glory , where are your strength and your power ?
Is it a restraint ?
You are our father , even if you don't know us , and Israel will recognize us
Ah , Lord , why did you make us so afraid of you , and hardened our hearts ?
Come back to your servants , the tribe of your inheritance
The people of your holiness have been a little short-lived: Our enemies have trampled your sanctuary
We're yours: You never gave them a name , they didn't call you .
When the fire burns , the water is boiling , the water is boiling , the water is boiling , the water is boiling , the water is boiling , the water is boiling , the water is
When you did terrible things , the mountains fell on your feet , and the mountains fell on your feet , and the mountains fell on your feet
No one has ever heard , nor seen , what he has prepared for him that waits for him , O God , since the beginning of the world .
Look , we have sinned , and we will be saved , for we have sinned .
We are all dirty , and all our righteousness is dirty , and we are all like dust; and we are all gone
For we have hidden our faces , and we have consumed them , because of our sins
Oh , Lord , we're your father , we're the clay , and you're the potter .
Oh , Lord , don't be so hard on us , no one ever remembers iniquity
The holy city is a desert , the holy city is a desert
The fire burned our holy and beautiful house , where our fathers praised you
shall you not be careful about these things , Lord ?
Will you keep your peace and suffer us ?
I find them , they find me , they find me , they find me , they find me , they find me
I was thinking about the rebellious people , who walk in a way that is not good , after my own thoughts; that's why I was angry with them all day .
It's smoke in my nose , the fire burns .
I will not be silent , but I will pay you back , even your sins , and your sins , and your fathers , and your fathers , and your fathers , and your fathers , and your fathers , and your fathers , and your fathers , and
So the new wine is found in the cluster , and one says , Destroy it not , for it is a blessing: so I will not destroy them
I'll bring Jacob's seed , and Judah's seed , and my servants will be there
Sharon will be a flock , and the valley of Achor will be a place for the herd to rest .
You're the ones who forsake the Lord , forgetting the holy mountain , and preparing the table for the troops , and they're the ones who bring the drink .
When I called , you didn't answer , but you chose to be killed , and you chose to be killed , and you chose to be killed , and you chose to be killed , and you chose
So the Lord God says , " Behold , my servants are eating , but you are hungry: behold , my servants are drinking , but you are thirsty .
He who blesses himself in the world will be blessed by God , and he who blesses himself in the world will be blessed by God
And I create a new heaven and a new earth , and the former will not be remembered
But I am glad and happy to create Jerusalem , and the people of Jerusalem will be happy .
I'm glad to be in Jerusalem , and I'm glad my people will be happy .
The child will die , but the sinner will be a hundred years old
They build houses , they live in them , and they grow grapes , and they eat them .
They don't build , they don't plant , they don't plant , they don't eat , and they're happy to do it .
They don't work , they don't bring trouble , they're the seed of the Lord , and their offspring .
And when they call , I answer , and when they're talking , I'll hear .
The wolf and the lamb will eat together , and the lion will eat the straw like the bullock , and the ox will be made to eat the straw
the Lord says not to hurt or destroy my holy mountain
So the Lord says , the sky is my throne , the ground is my footstool
Where is the rest of my life ?
I look at him , even to him who is poor and ashamed , and I tremble at his word , but I feel no need to go on .
He's like a man who killed a man , as if he had killed a dog; he's like a dog that killed a dog , as if he had killed a dog
Yes , they choose their own ways , and their soul is happy to be associated with them
They chose their delusions , and they were afraid of them , and they chose the one I didn't like: they chose the one I didn't like
he said , Let the Lord be praised , the ones who hate you , the ones who have cast you out for my name
A noise from the city , a voice from the temple , a voice of God .
She brought a man's child before her pain , and before her pain came , she gave birth to a man .
Who's heard of this ?
Who saw such a thing ?
shall the earth be brought to the ground ?
Or will the nation be born ?
She brought her children to Zion as soon as she was troubled .
shall I bring it to the birth ?
Am I to bring forth and shut the womb ?
saith your God , I'm sorry .
Hallelujah , joyfully , joyfully , joyfully , joyfully , joyfully , joyfully , joyfully , joyfully
Then the glory of the Gentiles will be like a flowing river , and the glory of the Jews like a flowing stream
Like a mother who comforted him , so I will comfort you
When you see it , your heart will be glad , and your bones will be like herbs .
The LORD will come with fire , and his chariots like a whirlwind , and he will burn with fire
the Lord will plead with all of his body , and the slain will be many
The Lord says , " Those who sanctify themselves , and purify themselves in the garden behind the tree , eat the meat of the pig , and the mouse , and the mouse , and the mouse , and
I'll see my glory , and I'll see all nations and tongues , and they'll see my glory
I'll send them to the nations , to Tarshish , Pul , and Lud , that they'll draw the bow , and I'll send them to the islands , to the islands of the sea , to the islands of the sea
The Lord will bring all my brothers to the holy mountain Jerusalem , and to the chariots and the chariots and the chariots and the chariots and
The Lord will also take them to the priests and the Levites
the Lord says , " As the new heavens and the new earth I'll make , so will your name and your name
All flesh will be worshiped by me from the new moon to the next , and from the Sabbath to the next , and from the new moon to the next , and
They go , and look at the men who have offended me , and they will not die , nor will their fire be extinguished
