Isaiah , son of Amoz , who saw Jerusalem and Judah of the Uzziah , Ahaz , and Hezekiah , the king of Judah .
Oh , Lord , for the Lord has spoken , I have been fed and raised children , and they rebelled against me .
A ox knows its master , but the ass of its master is not known .
Sinful nation , a nation of sinners , a nation of evildoers , children who wickedly mock the Lord , They have turned away from the covenant , they have provoked the Holy One of Israel .
Why should you be so much a loser ?
The whole head is sick , the heart a little weak .
There is no soundness in the foot , not even to the head , but wounds , bruises , and crud: they do not close , they do not mollify .
Hap: As your country is desolate , your cities are burned , and the land is bare , as the land of strangers is abandoned by strangers .
As a cottage in a vineyard , as a dwelling in a garden of cucumbers , as a besieged city , " I whispered . "
We were supposed to be like Sodom , and have been like Gomorrah .
Listen to the word of God , to the rulers of Sodom , to the law of Moses , to the laws of the state .
And what purpose does your sacrifice serve to me ?
I am full of burnt offerings of rams , and fat of fed animals , and of I don't want to hear of the blood of bullocks , or lambs , or goats , or quail .
If you were to appear before me in this court , who but yourself would have asked for my presence ?
I cannot bear any more vain oblations; the new moon and the Sabbath , the call of the assembly , I cannot bear it .
And now , since we have brought us not only our new moon and our new feast , but our most precious gift , I am weary
And I'm gonna hide my eyes from you when you spread your arms .
// WALK: Walk a brisk brisk , careful walk , keep your ankles in contact with the ground and lower your heels into the earth , then lower your feet slowly and gently into the earth , keeping your feet pointed toward the ground .
But if you sin they will be as white as snow , and if you sin they will be as red as crimson .
But if you are willing and obedient , you shall eat the land , but if you do not , you shall be cut off and eaten by the sword .
How does a faithful city become a whore !
It was full of judgment; it was a good thing , but now murderers .
They're rebels , and all their friends are thieves , and they're judgmental , and they follow the rewards of their calling .
The Lord , the mighty one of Israel , Ah , I will look after my enemies , and I will take them into the fold .
Zion will be forgiven , and the converts will be righteous .
They will turn the sinners and make them utterly destroyed .
They'll be ashamed of the oaks you've chosen , and they'll be ashamed of the garden you chose .
You make like an oak leaf that fadeth , and you make like a garden that does not have water .
Strong will be as strong , and maker of them as spark , and they will burn .
The word that Amoz saw about Judah and Jerusalem .
It will be anointed with the mountain of the Lord's house , and the mountains will be lifted above the mountains .
And many people will come and say , Come , let us go to the mountain of God , to the house of the Lord , and he will teach us His ways , and we will go in them: I will not speak of them; for they
They will judge nations , and they will be tested by many people , and they will be destroyed: nation will not be able to defend itself , nor will it defend itself against injury , nor will it heal .
Come , Jacob , let us go to the light of the Lord . "
But you have abandoned Jacob's house because they are from the east , and they are like the Philistines , and they rejoice in the children of strangers , and they love the Children of Israel .
There are no end to their treasures , their land is full of silver and gold , they have no end to their chariots: there is no end to their folly .
hide in the dust of the earth for the glory of the Lord , and for the glory of His majesty .
And in this place the lofty look of the man will be humbled , and the haughtiness of the man shall be lifted , and the God of Israel shall be glorified .
Let the Lord be on him: and he shall bring forth his own Son in the name of the Father and of the Holy Ghost and of the angels: on every one who
He will lower the loftiness of men , and the haughtiness of men will be lowered: and the glory of the Lord will be poured upon all people in this day .
He'll completely destroy idolatry .
He will shake the earth , and the rocks will fall into the caves , for fear of the Lord , and for the glory of His majesty .
So here I am , in a very well-worn pair of slippers , with a stick in my hand , and the hand that is bent over the door of a very well-worn pair of slippers , and inside the cave , and the
Stop sucking on your nose , for where is it going ?
The Lord , lord of hosts , Lord of armies , The Lord of the hosts , the Lord of the armies , The Lord of the army , The Lord of the armies , Lord of the hosts The Lord of the hosts
I will give them to the prince and the princess will rule them .
The child will be proud of the old , the base against the honor of the noble , and the proud of the child will be proud of the old .
I will swear by you , and he will say ,' I will not be ruler over you ,' because I have spoken to you .
Because the glory of the Lord is against them , they have fallen down to Jerusalem , and behold the glory of the Lord is upon them .
Witnesses to their countenance , they say , are Sodomites , they hide their homosexuality .
Woe to the soul of man !
They have rewarded themselves for their evil .
Tell the righteous , that it is good for him: they shall eat the fruit of his works .
Woe to the wickedness of it !
He was sick of him: his reward for his hands was to be free .
Children are the oppressors , women are the rulers .
You who lead you are doing so that you are wrong , and you destroy the way of your path .
The Lord stands and defends the people .
The Lord will judge the nations of his people , and princes of his people . "
What do you mean , you're beating up my people and grinding their faces ?
saith the Lord of Heaven .
And the LORD says , Because the daughters of Zion are proud , and walk with their necks stretched out , and wilt not wish to walk , and would rather go and be alone , and be drawn , and go on walking , and be gathered ,
As you reach the top of the stairs , you'll find the Lord has taken away the bravery of the tingling ornaments on the ground , the cauls , the round tires , and the mufflers , and the hats , and the
There will be a smell instead of a pleasant odor; and instead of a girdle , a torn; and instead of a good hair , a bald head .
Your men will fall , and your great will be in the war .
She'll lament and mourn , and she'll be desolate .
Seven women will take a man , and they say ,' We will eat our bread and wear our clothes .
The LORD's branch was beautiful and glorious , and the fruit of the land was excellent and pleasing .
When the Lord cleanses the filth , he will call to the house of David , even those who have lived in Jerusalem: " You have sinned , O house of
The LORD will create a cloud and smoke in the houses of Mount Zion , and there will be fire and the brightness of night in the house of David .
He would become a tabernacle in the daytime , in the shadow of the heat and shelter , and of the secret of the storm and rain , and the secret of a night of foulness .
And then I will sing my beloved a song touching the vineyard .
He planted a vineyard , and gathered stones , and built a tower in the middle of the vineyard , in a pattern that was marked " J " , " G " , " S " , " T " and " X " .
You , my friends , and the people of Jerusalem , and the people of Judah , I pray you to judge me .
What if I had done more to my vineyard ?
But why did I bring grapes to that ?
Now , let me tell you what I'm going to do to my vineyard: I'm going to cut the hedge , and it's going to fall down .
Israel is the house of the Lord , and the people of Judah are his pleasant garden .
Woe to those who join the house , to the field , to the fields , until there is no place to be , so that they can be alone in the world !
The Lord of Hosts said , in my ears , many houses shall be deserted , even great and beautiful , without inhabitants .
<p> There's a bath in the vineyard , and the seed of the homer would be a bathtub .
Woe to those who come early in the morning , when they can drink strong , till they go to sleep !
They have feasts , harps , tabrets , pipes , glasses , and wine , but they do not think of the hands of the Lord as having brought them into the world .
Their great dignity is now taken away from them , because they know nothing: and their honorable men are starved , and they are thirsty .
And so it is , and so it shall be , and so will I .
And the mighty man shall fall , and the mighty man shall be humbled , and the eyes of the lofty shall be humbled: and the whole earth shall be opened and revealed
Then the lambs will feed , and the fat will be fed by strangers .
That he may speed up , and hasten his work , that we may see his face:
Woe to those who call evil good , and good evil , and evil good !
Woe to those who are wise , and cautious , in their own eyes !
Woe to those who drink wine , and strong drink , and draw away the righteousness of the righteous !
The fire burns and burns and then the dust rises from the roots of the tree: Smoke is drawn from the ash .
NARRATOR He struck the mountain with his hand , and the Lord's anger came down upon his people , and they threw themselves down , and the mountains shook , and the wagoncases of their people rolled off
He doesn't turn his rage away , he just holds it .
They will be swift , none will be weary , none will be distracted , and none will do more than fetch water .
And then the day will be like the roaring of the sea , and there will be dark and dark lightning and thunder and lightning in the sky and the light will be black and dark .
I saw the Lord sitting on a throne , high and lifted , his train filled with the temple .
Six wings were there , and with each wing covering his face , and with each wing he went into the sky , for he was a person who had a face
And one cried , Holy , Holy , the Lord is with us .
The door was moving , and smoke filled the room .
And then I'm scared of me !
<p> I am a man of unclean lips , and in the middle of a people of unclean lips I get the call of the apostle Paul .
I handed him a live coal from the altar , and he put it down on my lips , and said , Lo , it's on your lips .
I heard the voice of the Lord , and I thought who was going to go with us ?
I'm here , so send me . "
He said , Go , and told them , Hear but don't understand .
And make the hearts of the people fat , and their ears heavy , and shut their eyes , and hear with their ears , and understand with their hearts , and make them well .
And then I tell you , Lord , how long ?
And it answered him , until the cities were destroyed , and the houses were deserted , and the land was desolate , and the Lord had removed people from the land .
And the tenth , and he will be brought back , and she will come back , and he will be brought back , and she will bring back his family and his blood , and she will bring back the bones of his mother and father and father's
Rezin , son of Uzziah , king of Judah , and Pekah , son of Remaliah , king of Jerusalem , came to pass .
Syria is a confederate of Ephraim , " he told David . "
Movement of the heart moved the people , and so did the heart of the spirit .
Isaiah , go to Ahaz , Shear-jashub , and say to him , at the end of the conduit of the upper pool in the highway of the fuller's field .
Ephraim , son of Remaliah , and son of Remaliah , have spoken against you , saying , Let us go to Judah , and make a breach there , and there shall be no turning back . '
This is Damascus , and the head of Damascus is Rezin .
Samaria's son is Remaliah's son .
Unless you believe it , you can't .
Furthermore , the Lord spoke to Ahaz again , and asked him to bring the sign of the Lord to the people .
Ahaz said , I don't ask , neither do I tempt the Lord .
And he said , Hear , O David , is it little to weary people , but to be weary of God ?
Thus the Lord will give you a sign , and you will be a virgin , and you will bear a son .
Butter and honey will eat , to help him choose good and reject evil .
Before a child learns to reject evil and choose the good , the land that you hate will be abandoned .
From the day that Ephraim left Judah , the king of Assyria will come to you , and your people , and your father's house , from whom you have been brought . "
And the Lord will hiss at the fly that is in the river of Egypt , and the bee that is in the land of Assyria , and all that dwell in the house of Israel
They will walk into the desolate valleys , and stand in the place of rock , and in the hole of stone , and in all the bushes .
In this story the Lord shaves the beard with a razor hired by King Assyria , kings of Assyria's head and beard , s shaving that gives an image of the splendor of heaven .
He is given milk from a young cow , two sheep , and butter , and he is given honey and almonds .
That would be , where there were thousands of vines , silverlings and thorns , a day of briers and thorns .
Men will come with arrows and tracer rounds , because the land will be full of thorns .
On all hills dug with the mattock , there shall be no fear of briers and thorns .
The LORD said , Take a big roll , write it down with a pen on Maher-shalal-hash-baz .
I put my faithful witnesses to record , Uriah the priest and Zechariah the son of Jeberechiah .
I went to the prophetess , and she had a son .
The Lord called me Maher-shalal-hash-baz .
My father and mother will be set aside before the child is born , as they were at the Assyrian king's command .
Lord , he said to me , forasmuch as the people refuse to take the waters of Shiloah , and rejoicing in Rezin and Remaliah's son; and I was about to proclaim , Forasmuch as the
All of ye , O ye people , and ye shall be broken up , and ye shall be broken up , and ye shall be broken up .
And you must consult with each other , and nothing will happen to you; for God is with us .
I was so completely convinced of this that the Lord said to me , " Say not , a confederacy , to all the people who will be saying ,' A confederacy , to all the people who will be saying ,' A conf
Let the Lord of Host be sanctified , and let him be thy fear .
But he is a stone , and he is the stone of peace for the Jews , for the Jews , for the Jews , for the Jews , for the Jews .
Many of them would bounce off the ground , drift to the bottom , and drift back .
I will bind my witness , seal the law with me and my disciples .
I will wait for the Lord , and I will search in the house of Jacob for him .
Look , I am the sign and the miracle of the children who have been given me by the Lord of hosts , who is in the mountains of Zion , and you , who are in the valley of Shil
Shouldn't they seek the gods of their own people , and the wizards who look , and the ones who whisper: Here !
To live to be dead , and still be alive ?
If they don't speak the word , it's because there's no light in them .
They pass through him , barely able to eat and hungry , with the knowledge that they are making him feel like a child , and are making him feel like an angry , selfish child , and look up
They look to the ground , seeing darkness , pain , desperation , darkness .
But when he had come to land at the first time at Zebulun and land at Naphtali , it was not so much his annoyance that had made him strike her with a blow as it was her failure to make him stay there .
They who stood on the darkened vale saw a great light: they who came out of the darkness , saw a great light .
So you multiplied the nation , not increased the joy: They're full of joy , and they'll be proud to celebrate the harvest .
You've broken his burden , and the staff of his shoulder , as in Midian day .
Confusion will come , and warrior will be in blood , but it will be with fire and brimstone .
A child will be his , a son , will be his son , a son of a father , will be his son , will be his son , will be his son , will be his son , will be his son , will be his son
And with the rise of government and peace , and the kingdom of David , and with the rebuilding of the wall and the new fountains and the new houses and the new markets and the new shops , and the new things , and the new things
I think the zeal of the Lord will accomplish this .
The Lord spoke to Jacob , giving him light .
They all know that bricks fell , but we'll build with stone: the sycomores .
The Lord will bring Rezin's enemies against him , and the Philistines against him , and the Israelites will be drawn out from the open mouth .
He does not turn his anger away , but he remains as still as ever .
The people don't want to be killed , but they don't want to look for the Lord .
Matthew 27:30; Luke 19:25; Luke 20:28 ( In one day , the LORD will cut off the head
The old and honorable , he is the head , and the prophet the tail , and the prophet is the name of the cross .
They are the leaders of the people , and they are destroyed by them .
For every one is a hypocrite and a liar , and every mouth is full of vanity .
His anger is not turning away; he is still holding on to his hand .
The fire burns , sending flares of flame from the air and then building and burning over the city , burning it down to its bones .
Land dark as the sea , and men like the fire , no one will spare his brother .
He will grab the right hand , eating the left , and he will have to make a switch to get his food .
He doesn't turn his rage away , he just holds it in his hand .
To turn away the needy from judgment , and to deprive the poor of the right of prey;
How will you act when visitation is over and desolation comes ?
Who's going to help you out ?
Where is your glory going to come from ?
They'll bow to the prisoners , and collapse to the floor dead , cowering .
His anger isn't turning his hand , it's holding on to his arm .
I have the anger of Assyrian , and my staffs are mine outrage .
I will send him against the hypocritical nation , and against the nation of my wrath , I will receive the spoils , and I will have a prey .
But he is not doing this as an instrument of destruction and conquest , but as a means of acquiring and destroying nations , not a few .
He says , aren't kings all kings ?
Is Calno the same as Carchemish ?
Is Hamath the same as Arpad ?
Is it not the same as Damascus ?
It is the same as I did to Jerusalem and her idols , as I did to Samaria .
Then I will punish him , and the glory of his high face , and the heart of his king Assyria , by the two-edged sword of the sword of the holy sword , and
I've done this , and I've done it with my strength , and I've done it with my wisdom .
Shall he boast that he could defend his axe ?
Or will he be able to withstand the saw ?
The rod shuddered as if the staff were clattering , as if the rod's hand and arm were lifted .
And the Lord , the Lord of Hosts , will send his fat ones to the lean ones; and under his glory he will set fire to the house and consume it like fire .
The light of Israel will become a fire , and the Holy One will be a flame .
The rest of the trees would be few , so the child could write them .
The remnant of Israel , and those who fled from the house of Jacob , will not dwell on it , but will dwell on the Lord , the Holy One of God .
Even Jacob's remnant would return .
But Israel is like the sand of the sea , a remnant will return .
The Lord God will consume the entire land , determined by the Lord in His infinite wisdom and wisdom and judgment .
Therefore the Assyrian shall not fear you , my people who dwell in the land of the Lord , for he shall strike you with a rod , and he shall lift his staff .
It will be a little while , and then my anger will subside , and all the triumphs of my days will be destroyed .
And the Lord of the hosts shall stir up the plague upon him according to the slaughter of Midian at the rock of Oreb: and as the spear was on the sea , so shall it be lifted up by the Egyptians .
He'll get rid of your burden , and yoke the tail of your shaft will break your neck , bringing down your hand and the yoke from your head .
Through the passage they pass and come to the next valley , which is so far away from the plateau that it is impossible to tell where it is .
Christ , my God , I mean , I was such a baby . "
Madmen are removed , Gebimites gather .
<p> On that day he'll remain at Nob that day , shaking the hand of his daughter to the mount of her holy people .
Look , the Lord , the Lord of Hosts , will be the terror: and the tall ones shall be humbled .
He cuts the thicket with iron , and Lebanon goes down .
LORD Will be resting on Jesse , the spirit of wisdom and understanding , the spirit of counsel and strength , the spirit of knowledge and wisdom , the spirit of wisdom and wisdom , the spirit of wisdom and
His reins are the girdle of his loins and the faithfulness of his methods .
So there's the wolf and the lamb and the leopard , and the kid will be with the lion .
Cow and bear feed , their younglings sleeping together: lion eating straw like the ox , willow tree the stag will turn into a rose .
He puts his hand on the cockatrice cockatrice hole , and the baby will play with the asp hole .
Like the waters covering the sea , the knowledge of the Lord will be full .
Jesse's root will be there; there will be the people who will seek him; and the Gentiles will seek him .
For He will recover the remnant of His people , which will be left , from Assyria , from Egypt , and from Pathros , and from C .
From the four corners of the earth , he will establish an ensign for the nations , and he will assemble the scattered of Israel from among the nations .
Ephraim will not envy Judah , and Judah will not be angry with him .
They'll be flying in from the west; and the children of Ammon on their shoulders; and the children of Ammon on their arms .
With the mighty wind , a river of destruction will make the Egyptian sea utterly obdurate , and he who hath come shall have been washed from the face of the earth by the seven streams .
As he came out of Egypt , it was like the Israelites of that day .
And you will say , Lord , I will be glad to praise you , but you are angry with me , and you are not happy with me , and you say , I will not have you
FOR THE LORD JEHOVAH is my strength and my song , and I trust in him .
Thus you'll draw water from the wells of salvation with joy .
You will say , Praise the Lord , call upon his name , speak unto the people , and tell them he is exalted in glory .
Sing to the Lord , for he has done great things . "
You're in the middle of the Holy One of Israel , and the Holy One of Israel is in the middle of you . "
The burden of Babylon , which the Amoz son of Amoz saw .
If you have a banner , raise it high , shake the hand , and they'll be at the gates of nobility .
And I commanded my holy ones , I also called my mighty ones to my anger , even those who rejoiced in my highness .
The clamor of the crowd , like a great throng; the tumult of nations; a tumultuous din of the Kingdom of Nations: that's how you describe it .
The weapons of his anger , they will bring down a whole people from far land , from sky , even from Lord .
Ooh , for the day of the Lord comes and it's going to be a disaster .
And now they're in pain , and they're afraid , and they melt in it: it's like they're running their hands through their hair
A day of mercy from the Lord comes and makes a furious anger and fury of hatred and outrage .
The sun will not shine , the moon will not shine , the sun will not shine .
I will punish the world for its wickedness , and the wickedness of the wicked shall be put to rest , and I will rejoice in letting the haughtiness of the awful go from me .
Even a man than a golden wedge of Ophir would be worth more gold than it . "
The heavens will fall in the day of the Lord's fierce anger , the earth shall quake , and the Lord will cut her in the flesh .
They'll all turn on their own people , and go to their own country .
Every one who finds it is dragged off by the sword , and every one who joins it sinks to its knees .
Their children are cruelly torn apart before their eyes , their houses are leveled , and their wives are raped .
Look , I will stir up the Medes against them , which will not wish silver , and gold will not welcome .
Bowstrings also tore the young men to pieces , and they will not be sorry to see the baby .
The glory of the kingdom will be given to Babylon as Sodom and Gomorrah were destroyed by God .
And no one will be there , not from generation to generation , not from shepherds to shepherds .
Wild beasts of the desert will be there; and there will be a great many ugly creatures; and owls will be there , and they will be there , and they will be there , and they will
When the dragons are at their pleasant homes , they will come to their wild beasts , and they will be in their desolate houses: and she shall soon be gone , and she shall not be long .
Jacob will be pleased with the Lord , and he will choose Israel , and he will dwell in his own land .
Let them be taken , and they shall be brought to the house of the Lord , and they shall be servants and servants of the Lord: and you shall make no of the mountain or of
You shall take this proverb to the king of Babylon , when he will be pleased to relieve you from your grief and fear , and from your hard bondage .
The golden city stopped for him !
And the Lord has broken the staff of wickedness , and of sceptre , and of authority .
The one who has struck the people with a constant stroke , the ruler of this nation , receives punishment , and none of them will be spared from his wickedness .
The whole world is silent , and there's singing .
Yes , the fir trees rejoicing , and the cedars of Lebanon saying , Since you were dead , it is good for you to be dead .
You're the king of the world , the dead being moved onto your feet , even in death .
They can say it all , can you be weak like us ?
Art thou going to be like us ?
Proud on the grave , you hear the clatter of your viols: the worm digs under you .
How you've come out of heaven , Lucifer , son of Morning !
How art thou going to be thrown to the ground , which has weakened the nation !
At sunset , I rise from the mountaintop , in the north , and stand before the altar: I will lift my head and go to the high altar , and the high
But you get into it , on the side of the pit .
You will look at him , and he will see you , and he will say , Is this the man who shook the world , and destroyed the cities of the world; that opened the door , and the whole world was destroyed .
All kings of the earth , even the whole earth , be in glory .
For instance , what he calls " a ghost " - the person who is dead or living forever , or who is dead or living forever - as a corpse , thrown into the grave like a foul branch , and as a
You will not be buried with them , because you have destroyed your own country , killed your own people , and the seed of evil will never be known .
Prepare the slaughter of his children for the sins of his father; that they do not rise , nor have the soil , nor have the face of the earth .
I will go against them , and I will cut them off , and take the name , and the rest , and my nephew , and my nephew's , and my nephew's , and my nephew's .
I shall also take it to the bittern , and the water will be drained from the pool of destruction , the Lord of Israel .
The Lord of the Hosts swore by it , and I thought so , so it will be .
This is the purpose of the whole world: and this is the hand that stretched out on all the nations .
The Lord of Hosts has planned it , and who will cancel it ?
He stretches out his arm to whoop it up ?
Ahaz's death was to carry this burden .
oh , God , not the whole Palestina , for the root of the serpent is broken , and the fruit of the serpent is a fiery flying serpent , and I shall be made whole , " is the
Saving the poor , I will feed the needy , and the needy will be safe , and I will kill your root .
Howl , O gate; cry , O city; there's smoke coming from the north .
How will the nation's messengers answer these questions ?
Let the poor be safe in the presence of the Lord and the poor shall be comforted .
The burden of Moab , heaving place .
He's gone with the wind to Bajith , and to Dibon , and to Rondosheba , and to her for the night of Moab , and to his father , and to her for her life .
The women will be girded in the streets , on the tops of their houses , and in the streets , they will weep , grieve .
And he cries , and Elealeh: Hear the voice of armed men from Moab .
The heart of Moab cries out for Luhith , and fugitives will be brought to Zoar , a three-year-old goat .
The waters of Nimrim are barren , the grass dead , there is nothing green .
They therefore carry with them the abundance they possess , and the ones they have taken , to the brook .
// The old , antique instruments , along with the solid drum-roll and clatter of the first-class pilot's radio , are gone , the howling of the Moab is gone .
I shall bring more of the blood to the waters of Dimon , and I shall bring the lion to the lions .
Send the lamb to the ruler of the land from Sela to the wilderness , from there to the mountain of the daughter of Zion .
Thus Moab's daughters will be along the Arnon's ford , as a wandering bird from the nest .
Take counsel , execute judgment; be careful not to insult him that wanderer .
Let the Moabans hide , Moab , for extortioner is dead , spoiler is dead , oppressors are dead .
He will establish a throne in the tabernacle of David , and sit in his presence , and judge , and seek justice , and haste , in the name of the Lord God of Israel .
We heard of Moab pride , and how Moab pride was even as he drank a mug of coffee and raved about it .
Thus Moab will howl for Moab , everybody will howl: Kir-hareseth is dead , they will be mourned .
The Heshbon fields , the vine of Sibmah , the lords of the heathen: They wandered into the desert .
Elole and Elealeh: I mourn with the tears , O Heshbon .
No singing , no shouting , no singing in the vineyards , and I don't want them to make us sing . "
Then my bowels will sound like a harp for Moab , and my inner parts will be Kir-haresh .
And when Moab spots that he's weary on the high mountaintop , he comes to his sanctuary to pray , but he does not prevail .
The Lord spoke of Moab since .
As the years of a servant , and the glory of Moab shall be shed , and the rest shall be small and weak , " the Lord said , three years from now .
Damascus is the burden on me .
Look at Damascus , a city of ruins .
The cities of Aroer are deserted: they will be taken by flocks , and none shall be afraid .
Then the fortress would cease to be Ephraim , and the kingdom of Damascus , and the rest of the country would be like the glory of the children of Israel .
Then the glory of Jacob will be thin , and his flesh will be lean .
And it shall be as the Harvestman gathereth the corn , and the ears are harvested with his hand; and it shall be as he who gathereth the ears in the valley of Rephaim .
Lord God of Israel , king of Judah , and his son , his son and his daughter and his sons and his daughters and his sons and his sons and his sons and his sons and his sons and his sons and his sons and his sons and his
At that time a man will look to his Maker and to his God and to the Holy One of Israel .
Nor does he look at altars , work of his hands , neither does he respect the images .
He will be a desolate bough , and the topmost branch of the Jewish people , which they left for the children of Israel:
You forgot God's salvation , and you paid no attention to the rock of your strength , so you planted a sweet plant , and put some strange slips: JESUS CHRIST .
Woe to the multitude of men who make such a noise as the waves , and the rushing of nations , that make such a noise as the waves !
The nations will rush like the rushing of the waters , but God will punish them , and they will be swept away like the waves of the sea .
And he wasn't there until the evening , and he wasn't there by morning .
They are the ones that spoil us , and the rest of them are plundering us .
Land shadowing the mountains , beyond the rivers of Ethiopia , sends out a messenger to a people , even in boat bulrushes .
You will see him when he lifts up the flag on the mountains , and when he blows a trumpet , you will hear it .
I'll rest , and I'll be like a clear heat in the garden , like a cloud of dew in the heat of the harvest , that'll keep my mother from being scared .
He'll take pruning hooks and trim the branches with them , and take them away and cut off the branches before harvesting .
They will be left to birds and beasts of the mountains , and beasts of the earth , and to the birds and beasts of the sea .
<p> The present is brought to the Lord of Hosts a people dispersed and scattered , and from a people that has been terrible from the beginning .
the Egyptian burden ) ( L .
The LORD will come to the swift cloud , and he will come to Egypt , and the Egyptians will melt in the presence of him .
I will fight the Egyptians against the Egyptians , and they will fight each other , and the city against the city , and the kingdom against the kingdom .
And the Spirit of Egypt will be cast into the midst of this spirit , and I will smite the spirit of Egypt , and there will be no place for it in the earth
The Egyptians will be given to a cruel king , and his will be a reign , the reign of a hundred thousand and a half , the reign of the Messiah .
All the water will be lost from the sea , the river will dry up and disappear , and then the whole world will be flooded .
In the end , the river will come far away and the smell of water will fill the air and make them smell of sweat and dead skin
paper , mouth of brook , mouth of brook , all the plums planted by brook , all the bonbons of brook , all that was planted by the brook , will be destroyed , and nothing will
Fishermen would mourn , and all who cast their angle into the water would weep , and they who spread their nets would be weary .
Also , those who work in fine flax and weave networks are confounded .
All that makes sluices and ponds for fish to be broken up .
I am a fools , the wise counsel of Pharaoh is a fool , how do you say to Pharaoh , I am a people of falsehood ?
Where are the rest of them ?
Where is the wise man ? "
Let them tell you now of what the Lord of the Egypt has planned for Egypt .
princes of Zoan are fools , princes of Noph are fools , they also betrayed Egypt .
As they were removing their curses , the LORD mingled a perverse spirit in the midst of the place , and they caused Egypt to be drunk as a drunkard .
Neither shall be allowed to do any work at all in the head or tail , branch or rush .
When they heard of the earthquake , the Egyptians had a look on their faces like women in that day , who knew and feared the presence of the Lord of the
Now , he was not scared by the counsel of the Lord of hosts , for He had determined against him , to destroy him , in his place , for it was the faith of the Father that came to
// At that time there were five cities in Egypt , and they swore by the word of the Lord , one of them was called the city of destruction .
For every place where the east meets the west , a pillar at the border , and for every place where the east meets the west , there will be a cross in the middle of Egypt
For the Egyptians cry to the LORD , and he sends a mighty one , and a mighty man , and he saves them from Egypt , and they go home and live with the people of Israel .
In that day , when the Egyptians shall know the LORD , they shall say ,' We have heard the words of the Lord ,' and they shall be able to make burnt offerings and sacrifice
The LORD would destroy Egypt , and he would bring to life and heal it .
Every one of them will have a road to Assyria and Assyria will come to Egypt , and the Assyrians will be in Egypt .
<p> That third in Egypt and Assyria , even a blessing in the land of the Lord: <p> Lord .
When the Tartans came to Ashdod , and fought against Ashdod , and took it; At the same time , the Lord spoke to Isaiah the son of Amoz .
He walks barefoot and walks naked .
The king of Assyria will deliver the Egyptians and the Ethiopians captives , young and fresh like the servant of Isaiah , who walked naked and barefoot three years earlier .
They are afraid and ashamed of Ethiopia , of Egypt , and of the glory of Egypt .
And the inhabitants of this island would tell us , Behold , we expect this , and how we are to escape ?
The ocean of the desert .
It's coming from the south , from a horrible place , the desert .
I see a hideous vision , the treacherous dealer treacherous , and spoilt is treacherous .
Go , O Elam: I have made a lot of sighs , O Media .
As the pain of a woman who was on her way to the end of life was indelible: I saw in the expression on her face the shock of it .
My heart was full of fear , and it made me feel happy all night .
Prepare table , watch watchtower , eat , drink , and anoint shield for body and soul .
So the Lord said , Go , set up a guard , let him tell you what he sees .
He had his sights on a chariot of asses , and a chariot of camels; and he had his sights on a certain size of shoe box; and he looked very
Babylon fell , fell down , and all the statues of her gods were broken to the ground .
I have spoken to you about the Lord of hosts , the God of Israel , the God of Israel .
His burden is Dumah's burden .
Seir , Watchman , what do you say at night ?
Watchman , what's happening with the night ?
The watchman said , Morning is coming , Evening will come .
The burden of Arabia's shoulders .
You stay in Arabia in the desert .
Tema gave him water , which was thirsty , and in return , the inhabitants of Tema prevented him from fleeing .
They fled from sword , drawn sword , bent bow , hideous war .
The Lord said to me , in a year , according to the years of a child , and the glory of Kedar will be set aside: " And there shall be no gain for the
The burden of the vision of the valley .
What ails you , that you're completely outside the home ?
You are full of sparks , a turbulent city , a happy city: Your sword does not slay your men , but your sword kills them .
All your rulers are scattered , bound by archers , and all are scattered in a great multitude .
I said , Look , I'm crying , I'm crying , I can't believe I'm doing this , I said , I'll stop it , I'm gonna stop it .
It is a day of trouble , and it is a day of confusion , and the Lord God of the mountains is in the valley of Jesse .
Elam's quiver held men and horses , and Kir carried the shield .
CHARBOYS OF NARROW The chariots would pull up at the gate , and the horsemen would come in at the best of the best .
You looked at Judah's house armor that day , looking at the cover of the chapter of Judah .
You've seen David breach and you've seen the water in the lower pool .
You destroyed the houses of Jerusalem , and you shattered the walls .
But it did not look to the maker of the old pool for his notice , nor did it look to him who had made it long since the other day .
The Lord God of Hosts cried out to the immovable heavens , And he rose up out of the bowels of the ground and came down to the desert of Israel , weeping and weeping .
MIRIAM I am sure that the LORD of Hosts will not purify you until you die , O Sam , my son .
So the Lord God of Hosts , go , get you to the treasurer , Shebna , and tell him what you've got there ?
And who's here , who's going to lift you into the sky , as he's going to lift a tombstone to the sky , and bury himself in a rock ?
Look , the Lord will carry you away with a great prison , and he will surely cover you . "
You will be hurled like a ball into a large country , and be brought back to shame for your lord's sake .
He will pull you out of your station and from your condition will be dispensed .
I'll call my servant Eliakim the son of Hilkiah , and I'll send him into my house , and I'll set him on his girdle , and he'll go to the house of Aaron .
I put him on his shoulder , and he opened , and none of them shut him out .
I fasten it to the nail in perfect place , and make him a glorious throne for my father .
All his glory from his father's house , offspring and issue , even the smallest , even the smallest part of his flesh , all the splendor of his imagination and generosity .
// The fangedest and most successful surgery of all is a nail that fastens itself to the nail , and its loss is irreparable .
Tyrant's burden of burden .
It was a ship of Tarshish , so it's destroyed , so they don't have a house , they don't go in .
Stay on your head , ye inhabitants of the island; merchants of Zidon , who sail over sea , replenish you .
And the revenues of Sihor are great , the harvest of the river is her revenue; and she is a great nation .
I am ashamed , Zidon , for a sea has spoken , and a sea has spoken , and the sea has spoken , and I have sent you , and the world has gone mad with you , and I have come to bring you
The Tyre report also greatly affects the report on Egypt .
Go to Tarshish , howl , inhabitants of the island .
Is this a happy city , which has existed for a long time ?
She goes far away with her legs to hide from him .
Who took the advice of Tyre , capital of this world , merchants , traffickers , honorable of this world ?
In the image of God , the Lord of Hosts planned to stain the pride of all glory , and to cast down all the honor of the world .
As a river , you pass through the land as if you're crossing a bridge .
The Lord gave a command to destroy a merchant city , and the strong hold it held .
For you are not content , you poor virgin , daughter of Zidon: Rise , go to Chittim .
Chaldeans land in which they have not dwelt since the Assyrian builders have been there; and he destroyed them; and the land of Judah is like a booty; and the land
Howl , Tarshish ship: It was destroyed .
Trenton's days , according to the days of one king , were numbered after seventy years: " The Tyre shall be forgotten among the towns of the
Take a harp , go to town , you whore who's forgotten , sing many a song , you'll remember it .
The Lord visits Tyre , and she is employed by the world , to be a whore to all the kingdoms of the world .
She shall be holy to the Lord , and her goods and her hire shall be holy to the Lord , and they shall be used and worn for all time .
The earth will be destroyed , and the land wasted , and the inhabitants dispersed , and God will see the mess .
And just as with the people , so with the priest , as with the servant , as with the master; as with the woman , as with the master; as with the buyer , as with the seller; as with the lender , as with the
The land is utterly leveled , completely decayed , and utterly ruined: for the Lord has spoken .
The world is dying , the world is dying , the world is dying , the world is dying , the world is dying .
Thus defile the earth with their laws , " the inhabitants of it--we do not know who--who they are .
Therefore , it has been destroyed , and the inhabitants of the earth have been depredated , and few persons remain .
And now the new wine is weeping , the vine is dying , the merry-go-round is crying .
But the laughing of the tabrets is gone , the screaming of the harp is gone , the joy of the harp is gone .
They don't drink wine with the song; they're bitter about it .
And there's confusion in the city: No one can come in .
Wine is plundered , joy is lost , the thrill is gone .
The city is desolation , and the gates are destroyed .
But when the harvest is done and the grapes are harvested , there will be as much shaking of olive trees and grapes as there is gleaning of oaks .
They'll shout out , they'll sing , they'll be shouting from the sea .
And in those fires , Jesus Christ and the name of his father , and of the Lamb , and of the Lamb of God .
Even glory to the righteous brought us songs from the bottom of the earth .
But I say , my weakness , my weakness , my flab !
The treacherous dealers have done it treacherously; yes , the treacherous dealers have done it .
You're in the pit , the trap , you are trapped , you are to be delivered .
The one who flees from the noise of fear falls down into the pit , and the one who comes out of the pit is caught in the trap: he will not go to the end of the earth .
The earth is completely devastated , the earth is completely devastated , the earth is totally devastated .
And the earth snares like a drunk , and tumbles like a house , and no one rises .
And the Lord will chasten the hosts of high ones , and the kings of the earth .
They are being brought to the prison , and after many days they will be released .
And as for the moon , the sun shall be ashamed when the Lord of hosts is in Jerusalem , and before his ancients .
Oh , God , I am your God , I will praise you , I will praise you , for you have done great deeds , and you will be praised .
You built a city , a heap of ruins , a palace of strangers .
Thus the great people will be proud of you , the city of the terrible nations .
You were a strength for the poor , a strength for the needy in the heat , a sanctuary from the storm , a shadow from the heat , a shadow from the heat .
There is a burst of noise from strangers , as the heat of desert heat brings down the temperature of the air .
At the Feast of Fat , it will be time to taste the flesh of the swine , feast of wine , to be covered with feta , to be salted with salt and smoked with a tiny wafer .
He will tear down this mountain , this vista , this culture and hope from this mountain , from this culture and hope .
The Lord wipes out the tears from his face as he swallows the death of his people .
It was our hope that he would rescue us , and , because he had saved us , we will be glad and glad to be rescued by him .
Moab is trampled under the Lord's hand , and a hill falls into the valley from under him like straw .
He'll spread his arms out , as he swells with pride , and bring his arms to the water , looking for a fish .
When you collapse the high wall of your fortress , it will dust , then make its way down to the bottom of the earth .
We've got a strong city , and God will give us a strong wall and a strong fort .
Open the gate , so the nation that keeps the truth will enter .
You'll keep him in perfect peace , who will have all his thoughts: Hallelujah !
For the LORD JEHOVAH is eternal strength: He brings down from heaven those who live on high .
Even the poor creature's feet are upon him , hanging over him .
You , the upright , weigh the path of the just .
We have waited for your judgment , O Lord , and we have been waiting for your name to come .
I'd like you to stay in my mind at night , and I'd like you to find me in the soul of my soul .
The wicked will be rewarded , but he will not see the majesty of the Lord .
LORD , when you lift your hand , they will not see , but they will see , and they will be ashamed of their envy .
LORD , you did your duty to us , and to all the world .
Oh , our God , we've been ruled by other lords besides you: but only by you will we be mentioned .
They died , they died , they died , they died , they died , and they didn't give a damn , they didn't go to heaven , they didn't go to hell .
You've increased the nation , you've increased the nation: You've taken it far from the rest of the world .
Lord , they visited you , prayed , when they were punished .
As a woman with a baby in her arms , she writhing in pain; so we saw you , Lord .
We were children , sick , brought down from the top of the mountain , brought to the ground , without doing anything .
They're going to live with my dead body . "
You awake and sing , the ones who live in dust: the dead will be laid in a grave .
Go , my people , go to your room , close the door , hide it for a minute , until the anger subsides .
For , Christ will come out of his place to punish the inhabitants of the world for their wickedness: the earth will be revealed , and the blood will be shed .
The Lord will punish the serpent that dwelt in the sea , even the dragon that dwelt in the sea . "
Sing it to her in the vineyard , with red wine in the cab .
I keep it , I keep it , I keep it , I keep it , I keep it , I keep it , I keep it .
I'm not looking forward to Fury: Who could have put me in battle with the briers and thorns ?
I'd go through them , I'd burn them .
It's the strength I have that he can hold over me , make me happy .
The fruit of Jacob will grow and bloom , filling the world with fruit .
Had it hit him , as it had hit the ones who hit him ?
Or is it that the slaughter of the ones he has killed kills him ?
You're debating with him when he shoots: It keeps its wind in the east . "
The Purification of Jacob ( Singing ) In the land of Aaron , Jacob is purged from his sin and all his sins ( Singing ) My name is one of them , and I am forgiven ( Hos .
But the city is deserted , and habitation is abandoned , and the calf is fed , and lies down , and eats the leaves , and takes his raiment .
He will have them burned , and the women shall be burned with fire , for they are unfit to understand: therefore he who made them will not forgive them .
And that day , the Lord will be beaten out of the river to the Nile , and you shall be gathered together , O you children of Israel .
The great trumpet blows , and the people come , ready to die in the land of Assyria , and of the Egyptians , and of the Egyptians in Egypt .
And the crown of pride , the crown of Ephraim , the glorious beauty of the crown , which fades in the heads of the fat valleys , is a fading flower !
Look , the Lord has a powerful and powerful one , which as a storm of hail and destructive winds , as a flood of powerful water , as a flood of powerful water , shall lift him from the earth , and he shall be raised to the heavens
The crown of pride , the Ephraimians , will be trampled underfoot: And the glorious beauty , which fadeth on the head of the fat valley , shall fade .
For the Lord of Hosts will be a crown of glory , and a splendid diadem of beauty , to the rest of His people , and for strength to them .
You drink wine , you sip strong drinks , you sit on the edge of the floor , you look forward to a certain distance and you don't look forward to any pain or humiliation , no matter how slight , no matter how great , no matter how
Purgation and effluvium everywhere , so there's no place to clean up .
Who can teach him the secrets of knowledge ?
Who is to understand the doctrine ?
Those fed milk , and drawn up of the breasts .
His voice is stammering and pliant and tongue will ring with littleness: " To be like that . "
And he said , and he said , and he said , and he said , and he said , and he said , and he said , and he said , and he said , and he said , and he said , and he
Word of the Lord // His words , which were a command , came to me in a moment of utter darkness , the greatest of all the dark things of the earth .
So hear the word of the Lord , you treacherous men , who rule over the people of Jerusalem .
Our first official commitment to death , and to the death of each other , was made in a private ceremony , and we made a vow not to hide it .
I shall also lay down judgment , and the righteous shall fall down into the abyss , and the waters shall sweep the hiding place , and there shall be no more escape .
When the overflowing plague passes through you , you shall be trampled by the overflowing plague , and your agreement with hell shall not stand .
It will be a headache only by morning and by night , until the report is understood .
It's shorter than the man can stretch himself in it: and the cover is narrower than the man can reach .
The Lord will rise in the mountains of Perazim , and his eyes will be like the valley of Gibeon , and he will go on toward the mountain of Jezreel , and his name will be Eloh
Thus therefore , if you will not be mocked , do not be fools , for I have heard from the Lord God of the hosts that they will be strong .
Hear me , listen , and hear me , and hear me .
It's all plow like plow all day plow like plow all day plow like pl
Is he opening and breaking the rocks apart ?
And when he has a clear face , he doesn't throw out fitches , and he doesn't scatter cummin , and he doesn't scatter grain into the main wheat and barley , he doesn't stir the whole crop , he doesn't lift the
And for God's sake , he was instructed by his God .
Not beaten with threshers , but with staffs , and cummin with rods , fitches are never beaten .
And it's because he never can do that bread; nor break it with his own cart , nor bruise it with his horse , nor break it with his father .
The Lord of Hosts is glorious in counsel , and excellent in the works .
Woe to Ariel , the city where David lived !
They kill the sacrificial lamb each year .
But I do want to upset Ariel , and I do want to feel sad and heavy: and it will be upon me .
I'll be around , and I'll be on my way , and I'll be on my way , and I'll be on my way , and I'll be on my way .
Then you will fall , and you will speak from the ground , and your voice will be low , as if you have a familiar spirit in you .
And besides , a thousand years from now , the multitude of your strangers will be like small dust , and the vast multitude of the dreadful ones will go away .
Thunder , lightning , earthquakes , and great noise from the fire would be visited upon the Son of the Lord .
It was like a dream , like the dream I'd been having , the one I'd been having for so long , like that dream that we'd been having for so long .
Like when a hungry man dreams , and , behold , he eats; but he is no longer hungry , and in fact is no longer hungry , and he is no longer hungry , because
Stay , and be silent , and keep it quiet , but don't drink too much , and you're gonna get in trouble .
The Lord took you into deep sleep , sealing your eyes .
And this is what I can't do , he says , for it is sealed: And he says , I can .
Forasmuch as the people approach me with their mouths , and with their lips they honor me , but they have forgotten their heart , and they fear me , because they know that I am the one who has come
<p> Who has looked for a deep cover of God's counsel , and they say , Who is looking at us ?
Who knows who we are ?
You're considered potter's clay , for he was supposed to say he made it , he didn't ?
He doesn't understand what he's saying unless the thing is framed ?
That is not a little while , and Lebanon will be a fair field , and the fertile field would be considered a forest ?
The deaf hear the words of the book , the blind see the light of the dark .
They can be made sure that all people in the world who come to Israel will be happy with the Holy One of Israel , and the poor among men .
The horrible one is destroyed , and the scorner is cast down , and all who are guilty are condemned: That is why a man is an offender , and a snare for him , and a voice to give his fear and his dread .
So the Lord says , Jacob will not be ashamed in his face , not now , not now , not now , not now , not now , not now .
When he sees his children , the name of Christ is sanctified in him , and the fear of God is also sanctified in him .
They will also understand , and be taught by the Spirit .
You see , the Lord saith , but not me , and he covers with a covering , but not my soul , that they may be tempted to sin: " No sin shall be shed among
Thus you will be ashamed of Pharaoh , and you will be mired in the shadow of Egypt .
The princes of Zoan and the ambassadors of Hanes came to him .
Everyone was ashamed of the people who couldn't help them , or in some cases would be ashamed of them .
Their wealth carries them down the shoulders of the young asses , and their riches on the shoulders of the young lion , the viper and the fiery serpent .
I've spoken to you , their strength is useless , and they will not help you .
Write it down on a table , and note it in a book , that it may be for the time of the future: That they will not hear the law .
Thus it is with you , for you despise this Word , and trust in oppression and deprivation , and will remain there , with only this alone .
This is as it is broken as he does not spare: so that there will be no fire in the potter's vessel .
Thus , the Lord God , the Holy One of Israel , will come back and rest , and you will be safely at home .
But we must go on the horse , lest we lose our swiftness in the midst of the fight .
One thousand will be gone; and the five shall be left as a lighthouse on the mountain , and as a sign upon the hill .
And so the Lord will wait , that he may be gracious to you , and so he will be exalted , that he may show you grace and praise .
He will be extremely gracious when he hears your cry , and he will be very , very much to your credit when he does .
But your teachers won't remove the corner from your front-row corner , they'll replace it with your eyes , and your ears will hear the word of that , even though it
You will also ruin the silver and gold coverings , and the gold and silver decorations of your graven images .
Then the rain comes , and the land becomes lush , and there is grain and flesh , and fat and abundance .
Oxen and young asses that lie on the ground will eat clean , which has been washed with the spade and with the fan .
And when the towers go down in the day of the great slaughter , when all rivers and streams of water meet in one great basin and fall away , there will be rivers and streams of water
In the beginning of each new millennium , as the Earth shines seven times brighter than the Sun , the Sun is seven times brighter than the Sun , and it is seven times brighter than the Sun in the morning .
It is the name of the Lord , a great burning fire , and His mouth is full of outrage , and His tongue is full of wrath: I have sinned and sinned against you
But when the holy solemnity is to be celebrated , and joy in the heart of the soul , as when one goes to the mountain of the Lord , there is no laughter in the ears of those who do
He is heard in the heavens , with the anger of his wrath , in the midst of the flames of his fire , and the clouds of his glory , and in the comer of his mouth , the Lord's word and his gospel , and the
The voice of the Lord will beat Assyrian .
He'll fight with them in every place where ground staff pass by , and the Lord will give him two harpoons and a harpoon .
The king is prepared , he has made it big and deep; the air like a stream of flame , like a torrent of fire , down here the king has his glory and his
They do not look to the Holy One of Israel , but to chariots , because they are very strong; but they do not look to the Holy One of Israel , for they are not one of those who receive the Holy
But he is wise , and no longer calls his words back , but he goes against the house of evildoers , and against the help of those who do evil .
Egyptians are men , not gods , and their horses are living horses .
When the Lord extends His hand , both he who helps and he who comes to aid will be snatched , and everyone who falls will be saved .
The crowd will not be afraid of the roar of the lion and the shouts of the beast of burden , nor of the voice of the Lord .
He will be a defender of Jerusalem as birds fly , the Lord of Hosts will fight and slay them .
Turn him over to the one who has been deeply offended by the children of Israel . "
Every man will have his idols of silver and gold , made for himself , and so forth .
The Assyrian falls , not a mighty man , but a weak one , and the sword comes away from him .
( This ensign , that is , the Lord's fire , will go down in the house of the congregation of the Most High , and His wrath in Jerusalem will be afraid of the ensign , that is , the Lord .
Look , the king will rule in righteousness , and the prince will rule in righteousness , and the emperor will reign in righteousness , and the sword
Like hiding place , like secret , like storm , like great rock in a weary land .
They're not dim , and they don't look through the ears of those who hear .
Heart will understand the knowledge , and tongue of stammer to stir the parson , and the heart will be ready to speak clear .
The vile person no longer calls himself liberal , nor is he a chubby .
The vile person speaks lies , and his heart quivers with the sinful sin , that is , the passion of sin , of which he is the transgressor , and the Father has made known to him the power of sin , and he knows that his
The instruments of churl is wrong: He robs the poor with lies , even when the needy are actually speaking the truth .
But liberal people are liberal , and they will be liberal .
Go , women who are comfortable , listen to my voice , you careless daughters .
You will be troubled for a long time , you careless women: The vintage will fail , the gathering will not .
Fear the men , women who are comfortable; fear the fools , you careless ones .
They feel sorry for the tits , for the pleasant fields , for the fertile vine .
Because the palaces will be abandoned , this town will be left , the town will be deserted , this town will be left , this town will be left .
And then the judgment will be in the desert , and the righteous in the field .
The righteousness of the law is peace; the effect of the law is peace .
<p> Then a low whine , and then a quiet blast of the town coming out of nowhere , when the town is coming .
Bless you who sow the ground , that the ox and the ass will be sent to the sea , and you shall be saved .
Woe to you who spoil , and spoil not , and have not done this !
You're going to stop hurting when you stop hurting , and when you've done it , they'll stop hurting you .
Oh , Lord , we have waited for you , and for you we have waited , and for you we have waited , and for you we have waited , and for you we have waited , and for you
The crowd fled , and the nations scattered .
The locusts will gather like the caterpillar: as they run to and fro .
Lord , exalted be he , for he is high in heaven: He has filled the earth with justice and righteousness .
Wisdom and knowledge are the truths of God , and the strength of your times and salvation .
The brave ones cry out without: The envoy of peace will bitterly be disappointed .
A highway is a waste , the wayfarers go , dying to find no one to pay attention to .
Earth mourns and livids: Lebanon goes up in shame and heaves .
The Lord will raise me up , and I will be lifted up . "
You'll make fire , you'll make fire , you'll make fire .
The people will burn as lime , as fire gives off .
And I have done what I have done , and you , who are far , you know what I have done .
Saints in the Holy Land fear; they are surprised by Pharisees .
Who is it that has to be the fire ?
Who among us will be tormented forever ?
He walks straight forward , speaks truth , and is not afraid of losing his money , he stops his ears from hearing blood , he puts his hands down , he puts his hands down , he closes his
You see the king in his beauty: beholding a land that is a long way off .
Fear haunts your heart , like a curse .
And where was the scribe ?
<p> Where is this transmitter located ?
Where was this one who counted towers ?
You're not going to see fierce people , a people who speak a deeper language than you can understand .
When we see Jerusalem , we are taken aback by the holy city: Thou shalt behold the holy city , a quiet , holy place , not a stake , not a stake , not a stake , not a stake , not a stake , not a stake
It's a river and a wide stream , and there's no galley with sails , no ship will take it there , there's no merchant with a market .
Our Lord is our judge , Our Lord is our judge , Our Lord is our king .
Dividing , of prey , of prey , of prey , of prey , of prey , of prey , of prey , of prey .
The inhabitants of this house are not permitted to say I am sick: they are to forgive me .
Come , you nations , and listen to him , and to him you people: let the world hear , and everything that is in it .
The wrath of the Lord is upon all nations , and upon all armies .
They're going to be killed , and the mountains are going to be melted , and the blood's going to spill .
Sky crashing down , crashing down the world , breaking through the heavens , the sky exploding and the Earth shaking .
I shall bathe my sword in the sky , and there shall be no darkness among the people of my curse , to the judgment .
The number of the Word and the Lamb of God is full of fat , and the number of the lamb and the cow , the fat of the kidneys of the goats: O Sarah , and the
<p> The unicorns will collapse , the bullocks will fall away , and the blood will be laden with fatness .
This is the day of the Lord's vengeance , and the year of dispute in Jerusalem .
Turn the streams into pitch , and turn the dust into a fire .
Smoke is not extinguished; nor is it ever extinguished; it will remain forever; from generation to generation , it will be destroyed .
But it is to the cormorant and the bittern that this should be , and to the raven that this should be .
They will call out nobility , but none of them will be there , and all will be nothing .
Thorns , and the lair of the dragon's lair , are raised in the palace , and a wooden ceiling is raised in the castle and the fortresses thereof .
A satyr would also meet the wild beasts of the desert , and the road would be full of wild animals , and the satyr would find a place to rest , in peace , in the shelter of the church
The great owl lays down , and lays , and lays , and hatch , and gathers under her shadow: and there is the opening of a great
Look at the book of the Lord , and read: No one of them shall fail; none of them shall want her mate .
He got them , and he got his hand on them , and he got them all along the line of the bar .
She will be so happy with the desert and solitude that the rose will bloom .
They will receive glory from Lebanon , glory from Carmel and Sharon , and glory from the glory of the LORD .
Strengthens and strengthens your weak legs .
Be strong , be not afraid , Your God will come to you with wrath , even God with a vengeance .
Then the blind will open their eyes to reveal themselves to the deaf .
Then the lame man leaps , and the tongue of the dumb sings:--TOMMY HOGAN Oh !
The dry earth would become a pool , filling the thirsty land with water .
There is a way , and it is called the way of holiness; the unclean will not pass it , but it is for those: and he will have none of your glory; and
No ravenous beast shall stand there , nor shall there be a lion , nor a ravenous beast; but the redeemed shall be there: there shall be no sin or transgression or fraud
And it happened that in the fourth year of Hezekiah , Sennacherib king of Assyria had come into Judah and had seized it .
Rabshakeh was sent to Jerusalem by the Assyrian king Hezekiah with a large army .
He stood by the conduit in the highway of the fuller's field .
And then Eliakim , Hilkiah's son , and Shebna , Asaph's son , the scribe , who had gone into the house , the people of Israel .
Rabshakeh , the great king of Assyria , said , " What confidence is this ?
I say , I've got a plan and strength for war: who do you trust ?
Thus , if a man is weak , he will be seized and pierced , and he will be brought to the king of Egypt , which is the king of Egypt .
If you say we trust in the Lord , is it not the one who received the high places and the altars of His name , and said to Judah and Jerusalem , you will be worshiped ?
If you can , I will give you two thousand horses if you can muster them .
If the Egyptians can be trusted with chariots and horses , then why do you trust them with anything else ?
And now I'm going to destroy this country without the Lord ?
Lord , the Lord , said the Son , go into the land and destroy it .
To speak to your servants in the Syrian language , for we understand it: for we have been born in this house .
But did your master send you to him and to you to tell him this ?
He didn't send me off to the men who sit on the wall , to eat their dung and drink their piss with you ?
The mighty king of Assyria's words rang in Rabshakeh's ears , loud and clear in the Jewish language .
So the king says , Not let Hezekiah deceive you: he can't do it .
The Lord will not give you this city , saying , The Lord will surely deliver us .
Thus say the king of Assyria , and he comes to me with a present , and he eats all of his fruits and all of his figs .
Watch out , hezekiah will convince you that the Lord will deliver us from the fire .
Was the king of Assyria giving his lands to the gods of the nations ?
Where was Hamath's god and Arphad ?
Where's the Sepharvaim god ?
And did they give Samaria to me ?
Who among the gods of the land has delivered the land to my hand , and the Lord has delivered Jerusalem to my hand ?
The two sons of Esdras answered him , but they did not , for the king's commandment was , " Answer him . "
// At the opening of the ceremony , the king , Shimon , and queen , Hludah , the scribe , Joah , son of Asaph , recorder , and Sheba , son of Sheba , were given to the Temple
When Hezekiah heard it , he tore off his garments and covered himself with a sackcloth and went to the house of the Lord , and went to the house of Elijah .
Isaiah the prophet of Amoz , who over the house , and Shebna the scribe , and the elders of the priests with the covering of wool .
So he told us that this day is a day of trouble , and a warning , and a blasphemy: for the children are born , and there is no strength to bring them forth .
The words of Rabshakeh , king of Assyria , shall be heard in the ears of the Lord your God; and you shall receive your due from him: He who hears you shall be smitten .
Thus Isaiah's servants came to the king Hezekiah .
So say the Lord , Be not afraid of the words you heard , where the king of Assyria offended me .
Look , I'll send a blast , and he'll hear the rumour , and come back to his own country , where he belonged .
Rabshakeh returned , and found himself fighting the Assyrian king Libnah .
He heard that Tirhakah king of Ethiopia was coming to fight you .
He sent messengers to Hezekiah when he heard it , saying , Jerusalem will not deceive you , saying , Jerusalem will not be destroyed .
Oh , have you heard what the Assyrian have done to all the lands , and you're to be set free ?
As Gozan , Haran , and Rezeph , and the children of Eden who were in Telassar did the gods deliver them ?
Where was Hamath , the king of Arphad , the king of Sepharvaim , the king of the city ?
The messenger of the Lord , who had sent the letter , put it into his hand and read it: and Hezekiah went to the LEADING SHOT , and he read it to the LORD .
The Lord of hosts , the God of Israel , the one who dwells between cherubs , is God , the one who dwells between man and beast .
Open your eyes , O LORD , and behold , O LORD , and hear the words of Sennacherib , which he sent to shame the living God .
For Assyrian kings destroyed all peoples , and their lands , and their gods were made of wood and stone: therefore , they were not gods , but men's hands .
So , O Lord , save us from His hand , that all the kingdoms of the earth know you are the Lord .
Thus saith the LORD God of Israel , And thou didst pray against Sennacherib king of Assyria:
Who were you to blame and to insult ?
And who raised your voice and looked up at the sky ?
Even against the Holy One of Israel .
I'm going to do my little miracles , my little light-outs , my little talk , my little mental miracles , the fact that I'm getting married , that I'm a daughter , that I'm a granddaughter , that I'm going to have
I dug and drank water , dry out the entire river .
Did you hear how I blew up that little bit , and how I blew up ?
I did so so that you ruin the cities of ruinous ruins .
They were small and indigestible , as the field grasses , as the side of the roof , and as corn was blown in by the wind .
I know your house , and your way out , and your rage against me .
And I'll have your nose hooked , and I'll yank you from your lips , and I'll turn you round by the way you came .
If you eat what grows this year , as well as the next year , you'll be eating the same as the first year .
When the house of Judah is destroyed , and its remnant is lifted up , and the fruit will be upward:
Thus the Assyrian king will not come into the city , nor shoot an arrow , nor come to defend himself against an attack .
He will have the same thing happen to him , and he will not come back , and he will not come to the city , by the way .
I will defend this city for my own sake and for my servant David's sake .
The angel of the Lord came , and struck the Assyrian camp with one hundred and four hundred and five thousand: and when they came out in the morning they were dead .
Sennacherib king of Assyria has departed , and he has come and gone and returned .
The sword of Adrammelech and Sharezer struck him when he worshipped Nisroch , his god; and they fled to the land of Armenia .
In those days , he was sick with the sickness of Hezekiah .
Isaiah the prophet Amoz came to him , and said ,
And remember , O LORD , how I made this place , and I did it with a perfect heart and I did it with a perfect heart .
And Hezekiah cried out to them .
Isaiah , the Lord , the God of David , I heard your prayer , I saw your tears .
I will take you and the city of Assyria from the king of Assyria's hand .
It is a sign from the Lord that the Lord will do what he has said , and a sudden glow from the horizon to the sun , and the rain will come down and wipe out the sun and the moon and all the stars .
By the tenth degree the sun had returned .
I said I'd go to the grave: I got sick from the rest of it , and recovered when he was very ill , and so now I'm still going to have a few days to spend with
I will not be able to see the Lord in the world , even the Lord .
I leave the shepherd's tent , and I set off on my life as a weaver: he will cut me off with a sickening disease .
I have spent the last six years contemplating that , a lion in the sky , as I think , it will be , I will not , I will not .
As a crane or a swallow , I can be as scared as a dove: I look up , to see what it's afraid of , and then I know what it's afraid
What do you want me to say ? "
He talked to me , and he did it on his own time .
Oh , God , for the life of my soul , and for all the things that live in me , my soul is alive .
Ah , soul , I was bitter , but you gave me an awful bitterness for peace: but you have given me my soul from the pit of corruption .
You can't praise death , death can't celebrate you .
So the father of the children will say the truth to you as I do today: the living , the living , he will praise you .
( n10 ) We sing our songs to the instruments of the LORD all our days in the house of the LORD .
Isaiah said , Let us tear a lump of figs and place it on a boil , and it will be well .
What is the sign I go into the house of the Lord ?
King Baladan , having heard that he was ill , sent him a letter and a present .
She showed them the house of the precious things , the silver , the gold , the precious ointment , and everything in the armor , and all of the furniture and furniture of all of his possessions .
Then Hezekiah the king asked , What did these people say ?
And who came to you from where ?
Even from Babylon , they came from a far land to me .
Then he said , What did they see in your house ?
Hezekiah answered , I saw all the goods in my house: there is nothing in my treasure that I did not show them .
Isaiah to Hezekiah , Hear the Word of the LORD: Behold , the days are coming , and all the house of the LORD's house and father's house shall be taken away .
You will bring your sons into the house of Babylon , where they will be eunuchs in the presence of the king of Babylon , because they will not be allowed to go forth or enter into
Isaiah answered , Good is the word of God , which you have spoken .
Peace and truth will come to me in my time .
Be comforted , my people , my God .
They will forgive her for all her sins , for she has received the Lord's hand twice for all her sins .
the voice of the one who cries in the desert , prepare the way of God , make it to the desert , and to the other desert .
The valley would be exalted , the mountains would fall away , the hills would become flat , and the crooked would become straight: that is , all that remains of the earth
the voice said , Cry . "
And he said , What do you want to say ?
The grass is grass , the flowers are flowers , the grass is the grass .
Grass withered , flower fadened: but the word of God shall be heard .
He was still young and far from Jerusalem , and he was hungry for Zion , for the mountains of Zion , for the hilltop that would be named after him , for the mountaintop on which the first two pillars of the city would be raised
And behold , the Lord God will come with a strong arm and his arm will be strong , and he will reward you .
He feeds his flock like a shepherd , and he will carry them in his arms and carry them to the young .
Who measures the water in the hollow of his arm , and measures the sky , and he weighs the hills , and the hills are balanced ?
Who was it that directed the Spirit of the Lord , or was it his counselors ?
Who taught him , and who had taught him , and who had taught him , and who had taught him , and who had taught him , and who had taught him , and who had taught him , and who had taught him , and who had taught
Look , nations , like a bucket of water , are counted as the slightest dust in the balance: of the earth , of the sky , of the earth .
Fire cannot dwell in Lebanon , nor the beasts of beasts .
He doesn't count them , and doesn't count them in his calendar , either .
Then to God , who will you be ?
What likeness will you be to him ?
The worker melts the image , the goldsmith makes gold chains , and the goldsmith's hands have been cast into the gold , which can be stamped and melted .
He is so impoverished that he has no desire to travel on the grail , he is searching for a devious man to prepare a grail , that he will not move .
( Pause ) You don't know about this ?
Did you hear about this , here ?
Was it from the start , or was it from the beginning ?
You're not understanding the foundations of the earth ?
Sitting on the circle of earth , he is with the inhabitants thereof; that he spread out them out like a tent to sleep in: he seizes them by the feet and so , with his hands
Yes , they are not planted , they do not grow , and the wind will carry them away , leaving a fine rust in the grass .
And then who am I to you , or am I to you ?
saith the Holy One , The Holy One .
Look up , and behold who created them , that he may bring them to the number of his host , for he is strong in strength; not one name shall pass among them; no oath shall be taken
Why say , Jacob , and tell me , Israel , My God is not listening to me ?
You don't know about this ?
Did you hear , Eternal God , Lord , Creator of the world , is not weary ?
He doesn't understand the search for it .
He gave power to the weak , and he increased his strength .
Some will faint and be worn down by weariness and weariness , and others , of course , will be utterly exhausted .
Be quiet , O islands , and let the people be strong , for they have a voice: Let us go !
The righteous man from east , the one who called him to his feet , gave to the nations before him , and reigns over them ?
He gave them to sword , and as stubble in his bow he handed them .
And he followed them , making sure he was safe , even if he went with his legs .
Who has it done and done it right , calling generations ?
I'm first , and last , and first again .
The islands were scared , and drew closer , and came .
They helped each other , and everyone said , " Be brave . "
The goldsmith , who was a smooth-handled man , and who had been an engineer before , said , It's ready for smiting: and he fastened the nails with a nail , and so there was a satisfaction in the silver .
HELEN I chose you , Israel , my servant , Jacob , my servant , Abraham , my friend .
It was I who took you from the ends of the earth , and I who called you from the highest men of the earth , and I who chose you .
Don't worry , I'm with you , and I can help you , and I can help you .
They'll be ashamed and confused , and they'll be nothing to you , and they who try to fight you will be utterly destroyed .
You find them , and you don't find them , even when they're fighting you .
I will help you , Lord , if you will not suffer me to speak . "
Do not fear , Jacob , and the people of Israel , I will help you , the Lord , and the Holy One of Israel .
Look , I'll turn you into a sharp shovel with teeth , and you'll beat the mountains , and you'll beat the beasts , and they'll stay out of your way .
You will be delighted , and the wind will carry them away , and carry them away , and the wind will blow them away .
I'll hear the low and needy of the world , and I won't drink , and I'll be given no satisfaction .
And when I open the river , I will let the water flow into the valleys , and the dry land become a pool of water .
So I'll plant the cedar , shittah tree , and myrtle , and the oil tree in the desert .
The Lord says , " Take your cause , my lord , and you shall be lifted up in strength . "
Let them come , and let them show us what they are , so we can see what they are like , and we can see what they are like , and we can see what they are .
Shew what comes , so that we may know that you are gods: yes , do good , or do evil , so that we may feel disappointed .
Look , you're nothing and you have nothing to do with it: an abomination is he who chooses you .
From the north he will call to me: and he will come to me from the rising sun: and he will come to the prince as potter's clay .
Who said that we could know from the start ?
So we can say he's right ?
Nobody , nobody , nobody , nobody , nobody , nobody , nobody , nobody , nobody , nobody , nobody , nobody .
The first says , Behold , look , I will give you one that will bring good tidings to Jerusalem .
I saw it and saw no one , even among them , who could answer a word , not even among them , who would have the nerve to go out there and tell me the truth .
Look , they all think vainly , their work is nothing: their words are incomprehensible and incomprehensible .
Look , my servant , who I have upheld , my soul rejoices with him .
He will not weep , he will not lift , he will not be heard on the street .
A broken reed , and flax smoke must not be broken , and he shall not be judged by the truth: he shall be tried and found guilty of the truth .
He will not fail to do so , nor be deterred from doing so , until he has ruled the world .
He who created the heavens and stretched them out , and the earth , and the spirit of the people who breathed it .
I am the Lord , and I will not give my glory to any of the statues .
Tell me , before they come out , I'll tell you what they are .
Sing the new song , and the praise of the Lord shall come upon the ends of the earth , the islands , and the inhabitants thereof . "
The mountains and cities of the desert , the inhabitants of the rock , the peoples of the mountain range , and the flurries of the sky .
There will be great applause from the islands , and the proclamation of the praise of the Lord .
The Lord will go forth as a mighty warrior , and he will come and triumph over all who oppose Him .
I made peace with it , I made peace with it , I made peace with it , I made peace with it .
I can make mountains and hills , and dry them out , and I can make rivers .
In this way I can lead them in the darkness , and lead them out of the light , and lead them in the darkness .
I'll do that to them and I won't let them go on .
They turn back , they say , " We are gods . "
Look at you deaf , blind , you see .
Who is blind but my servant ?
Or deaf , as the messenger I sent ?
Who blind as the Lord's servant ?
You see a lot but you don't hear him .
In the name of the Lord , who is praised with righteousness , the Father is pleased with his people , and he will magnify the law .
They robbed and spoiled the people , putting them in a hole , and sent them to an execution .
Who are you going to listen to ?
Who will be behind and be a listening ear ?
Who are you going to rob Jacob and Israel ?
The Lord , the one who sinned against us ?
They do not want to go in his way , neither do they obey his laws .
He poured his rage upon it , and the strength of battle it held for him , yet he did not know it .
Oh , my God , I've redeemed you , I've called you by your name , and you're mine .
When you go through the water , I'll be with you , and the river won't flood you and you'll have no water .
I am the Lord of Israel , the Holy One of Israel , the redeemer of the Jews .
I loved you so much , you were precious to me , I was giving you my life .
I'm with you: I'll deliver you from east to west , and bring you from east to west .
Go out and bring in the blind and deaf .
Who among them among them can tell us the past , and show us the present ?
They will have to testify , that they can be justified , or they will have to make the unspoken and unspoken true .
You , my servant , I have chosen you , and I have chosen you , my servant , to know and believe me , and to be the one who is God .
I am the Lord , and I am not the savior .
I've sworn , and saved , and shown you , and done this , so you can see , and I'm God , and that's that .
<p> Yes , before the day I am here , and no one will take my hand: and there is no one who will not take my
I sent them to Babylon , and I destroyed all the nobles and the Chaldeans who were among the ships .
I am the Lord , the Holy One , the King of Israel .
HIS SALMON , FROM WHICH BOURNE TAKES HIS SWIFT , AND IN THE GREAT SEA OF MARGO LOPEZ TO PARADISE FROM A LIFE OF ANOTHER WORLD , FROM WHICH , TO HIS FAMILY ,
Don't remember old things , don't think about them .
Look , I'm going to do something new now , is all , it'll go out on the floor , right ?
I'll be walking and traveling to the desert and the desert .
I am honored by beasts of the field , dragons and owls , because I give water to the desert and to the people of Israel .
I created them for myself , they will show my praise .
You didn't call me Jacob , Jacob , but you used to be tired of me , Israel .
For you have not given me a small herd of burnt offerings , nor has you honored me with your sacrifice .
I have not made you an offering , nor have I worn you out with incense .
You did not buy me a sweet cane with money , but you have given me a fat sacrifice , and you have made me a fool of myself .
And I , even I , who shall not remember your sins , have made you not to sin in any way .
Let's remember: Let's agree to plead together: You can be justified .
Your father has sinned , and your teachers have betrayed me .
I offended the holy men of the sanctuary , and cursed Jacob , and Israel was punished .
So the LORD has chosen you , and he has formed you from the womb , and you will help you; do not be afraid , Jacob , my servant .
I'll pour water on him , flooding the dry earth with rainwater , pouring on the dry earth: from the dry earth I will make the dry earth the way it was .
I am the Lord , and I am the name of the other one , and he will be called Jacob . "
I'm first , and I'm last .
Who , as I , will call and say , and set it in motion for me , since I have appointed the old people ?
Let them show us what is coming , and what is coming . "
Don't bother , don't be afraid , I told you from the start . "
You're my witnesses too , here . "
Is God a hand on me ?
No God , I don't know .
They are all vanity , and their delectable things are not worth anything; and they are their own witnesses , they do not see , they do not know .
Who will make a god , or a graven image worth the least ?
And look at all the men , all who will be ashamed , and the workers , all who will be shamed: their hearts will be full of shame .
While he's working , his strength and will for the task are gone and he's drinking , on top of which his strong physique , it seems , is already being severely damaged .
Beside the horses and the marketeer's stretcher , the carpenter has laid the sawdust , compass , needle , candle , compass , light and shade , manacles , sofas , hats , hats , candle rings , quilts
He walks out into the woods , planting an ash , nourishing it with rain .
<p> <p> A furnace is what it burns , and it burns , and it burns , and it burns , and it burns , and it burns , and it burns , and it burns , and it burns , and it burns , and
Burns with fire , and eats meat , and says , Aha , I'm hot , I've seen the fire . '
He shut his eyes , so they could not see him , and his heart , that they could not understand .
None of them knew anything , not even to say , I burned a part of him in the fire , and ate the flesh .
Would you fall down the tree with me ?
He eats the ashes , a heart that has turned away from him , and cannot tell whether he is lying or not .
Remember , Jacob and Israel , for you are my servants .
I took you , as thick as a cloud , your sins , and , as a cloud , your sins .
&nbsp; EARLY ( VO ) Now the Lord has done this for you , the heavens , the mountains , the woods , the trees , the trees , the brambles , the cactus , the olive tree , the saguaro
And I am the Lord , the Creator of you , the One who made you from the womb , and I am the One who made all things from the beginning .
Now I shall open the two gates , and Cyrus will subdue the nations before him , and I shall set loose the loins of kings , to open the two gates; and there shall be no more oppression in the earth ,
Jacob , Jacob , and Israel , my servant , I have called you by your name .
I am the Lord , and there is no one else , there is no God beside me: I am on my way to the west , and from the west I am on my way .
I am the Lord , and I am not .
I create light , and I create darkness: I am the Lord of all of them .
Drop down , the heavens , and let the world fall away , and the earth opens , and the salvation of the world is revealed .
Woe to the one who attempts to fight the Maker !
Potherd will try to fight the Earth Potherd .
Shall he tell him he fashion it , what's wrong with him ?
Or your work , he's not got hands ?
What are you going to say to your father ?
What were you bringing with you to this woman ?
Thus I ask you , Lord , Holy One of Israel , to tell me what shall happen to my sons and to my hands .
I have created the earth , and with it I have created the world , and with it I have brought forth this church .
I'll give him to the city , and he'll let go of my captives , not for money or reward , the Lord of the seed of Abraham , the lord of the city , the king
The Egyptians , Ethiopians and Sabians will come to you , and they will be yours .
You are a God who hideth his face , God of Israel , redeemer of Israel .
They will be ashamed , and likewise will be bewildered , they will all go through a period of confusion .
But the Lord will save Israel with eternal salvation: You shall not be ashamed or ashamed .
He'd already created heaven and earth , he'd made them out of clay , and he'd filled them with water and rain and lightning and fire and hail and thunder and snow , and snow , and hail and rain , and snow , and hail ,
Jacob seed of Abraham , I have told you , I have told you , I have told you , I have spoken in the name of the Lord my God , I have been sent and I have sinned and have sinned; I have done and
( Good Nines-not-Sole , the song from The Brothers We Shall Lead You ) ( Good Nines-not-Sole , the song from The Brothers We Shall Lead You ) It's all about you .
Tell me , and let them come near , and talk it over: who has told you ?
Who said that from then on ?
I am not the Lord , but God ?
No God , no God , no God , no God , no God , no God , no God , no God .
Look , I'm God , and there are no other men .
The word is out of my mouth , and I swear to you , I swear to you , I swear to you , I swear to you , I swear to you , I swear to you , I swear to you .
I can say , in the name of God , I have strength and strength: I have the strength and the strength of a man .
All seed of Israel shall be justified in the Lord .
The Nebo stood , stooping , his idols standing on beasts , while the cattle heaved heavy .
Bowing , they converse with the stars , a touch of warmth in their faces .
Jacob , and all the other household of Israel , which are carried forth of my belly , which are carried forth of the womb , I hear you , Jacob .
Who are you going to compare me to , and compare me to you ?
They get gold out of the bag , weigh silver , and hire a goldsmith to forge it .
She shall bear him on her arm , and he shall carry him , and he shall stand; from his place he cannot be removed , and he cannot be saved; and he shall be neither mourned nor mourned; and he shall
And remember , O you sinners , that which is good is that which is good; and let it be so .
My name is God , and there is no one else , I am God , and I am not like any other person , I am the God who brought you out of Egypt , the God who brought you out of Egypt , the God who sent you
For you are far from righteousness: I bring to you , you tough guys , who are far from grace: I am prepared to rejoice with my salvation .
Stand before me , my virgin daughter of Babylon , and you will not be called delicate and naught .
Take the millstones , and you'll be able to dig in , you'll be able to rummage around , you'll be able to rummage around , you'll be able to rummage around .
I'll reveal your nakedness , and you'll see me naked .
It is the name of our Saviour .
Hold still , and do not call me , queen of Rumania .
I am angry with my people , polluted with my inheritance , and given you no mercy , for I have sinned against you .
I'm a woman forever , you said , so you never imagined the end of it , but I didn't remember the end of it , I don't remember the end of it , I
I don't know if I'm a widow , not even if I am , I don't want to lose , I don't want to lose anybody else .
You trusted in your bad behavior , and you said , No one sees me .
You have said in your heart , I am , and no one else is .
Thus it will be , you will not know from where it will come , and it will strike you with evil , you will not be able to escape .
He must not be one of them , unless you can , unless you can , unless you can , unless you can , unless you can .
You were tired of your advice in the crowd .
So , here's what you need to know to be prepared for what lies ahead: astrologers , stargazers , prognosticators , monthly prognosticators , and save you from what lies ahead .
There will be stubble , the fire will make them stand up , they will not be able to sit down , they will not be able to hold the fire .
Thus you will be with your merchants , from your youth , who wander all quarter .
I heard it , Jacob , which is called by the name of Israel , and they came out of the waters of Judah , and swore by the holy ghost and by God , but not by God .
They call the city of God their holy city , and they stay there with the name of God .
I had made the statement , from the beginning , and they had come out of my mouth , and I had made them .
I knew from the beginning that you were stubborn , and your neck was a steel throat , and your eyebrows were brass .
You heard , you saw everything , and you didn't tell me ?
I showed you new things , even hidden things , and you didn't know about them .
They are created now , not from the beginning , even before the day you heard them .
But , yes , you haven't heard , you haven't heard , you haven't heard , you haven't heard .
( 3 ) I feel I must be doing something wrong by mentioning that I am an illiterate person , as a professional lawyer , but in spite of this I find that I am doing an honest , good
Look , I refined you , but I chose you in the furnace of suffering .
<p> I will do it for myself , even for my own sake: <p> That was too short a time
I don't want to give my glory to anyone else .
I am Jacob and Israel , my name is Jacob , I am the first .
They stand together , mine hand on the ground , my right arm raised to the sky , when I call .
Okay , let's go out , and listen to what they said ?
The Lord loves him , and he will do Babylon's arm for her .
I spoke , even I , I spoke , and he did well .
And I didn't tell you from the beginning , from the time I started , I'm here , and the Lord God and His Spirit sent me .
Thus the Lord , the Redeemer of Israel , I am the God of your salvation , which leads you toward the way you should go .
You should have listened to my instructions !
His name was like a river , and his voice was like the waves of the ocean .
Go to Babylon , go to the Chaldans , and say to the Lord , he has delivered His servant Jacob .
He led them through the desert , and the water flowed out of the rock .
The evil is not peace , " the Lord says .
Now , listen , O isles , for me , and hearken , ye people , from the depths of my mother's womb , he calls me .
He hid me in shadow of his arm; I was a polished spear; in his knapsack he hid me; And said to me , Thou art my servant , O Israel; and he was a figment of flesh and bone
I had put in my work , had taken a toll , had wasted my strength , had squandered it all .
He who made me from the womb to serve him , and who made me from the bone to serve him , and who made me from the bone to serve him , and who made me from the bone to serve
I will also give you a light for the gentiles , that you may be a light for the Jews , that you may be a light for the Jews: and I will make you one of the most precious
The Lord , the Redeemer of Israel , the Holy One of God , to whom the nation abhorreth , to the servant of the king , the king shall be pleased .
LORD OF ZEKE The reason I heard you , I heard , and gave you aid and shelter in the day of your salvation .
They eat , and their pastures are high .
Neither shall he be hungry or thirsty , neither shall the sun nor the heat of the sun strike them , neither shall they be thirsty .
My mountains will be made , and roads will be made .
Look , these are from the north and from the west; and these are from the land of Sinim .
Sing , O heaven; and be glad , O earth; and sing , O mountains: for the Lord has comforted his people , and given them hope in their hearts , and he will be pleased with them .
But in my case , I have lost the Lord , and His Messiah has left me out of the store .
Or should a woman forget that suckling that her son once took ?
Yes , they'll forget , but I won't forget you .
Look , I'm on my hands and your walls are constantly before me .
Your children will be quick , and your destroyers will be gone . "
Look round , and behold: all of them gather together , and come to you .
I was just an ornament , " the Lord says , as I live , " and you will be bound to you like a bride .
And it will be far away from your lands , for the waste and destruction of your own .
Children who have lost you will say , " The place is too tight for me .
Then you'll tell me who's got me , and if I lost my kids , and I'm lost , and I'm lost , and I'm gone ?
Who brings these up to you ?
Look , I'm alone; where did they go ?
The Lord God , I lift my hand to the Gentiles , and I put my standard before the people . "
They'll bow to you with their faces to the floor , and lick the dust of your feet .
Shall the prey be taken by the mighty , or the lawful prisoner ?
So the LORD says , And I will fight with him , and I will save your children .
I will give unto them of my blood as sweet wine , and they shall drink it , as sweet wine .
So the Lord says , Where is the divorce of your mother ?
Or who do you owe me for a loan I sold you ?
Look at you , you sold your sins , and your mother's been taken away .
So I don't have a place here , do I ?
When I called , there was no one to answer ?
Is my hand shortened so I cannot be forgiven ?
Or could I not do this ?
I dried the sea , I dried the river , and the fish stank of gunk .
I take the sky , and cover the blackness .
The Lord God gave me a tongue , so that I could speak to him who was tired , and he woke me up in the morning .
Lord God opened my ears and I did not resist , but I did not find it difficult to do .
I had put my face into the sand , hidden it with shame and spit .
But there's no shame in my face , and I know that .
I almost think he's the one who's in trouble with me .
Who am I , his enemy ?
He walks closer to me and I follow him .
Oh , for God's sake , who am I to punish ?
All of them will be old as a garment; the moth will eat them .
Who among you is the one who is the Lord , who hears the voice of His servant , who walks in the dark ?
Believe in the name of God , and stay with God .
Look , all ye who lit the fire , the compass ye gaze at , the sparks ye kindled , walk in the light of the fire .
You've got my arm , you'll be sad .
Go back to the rock where you are digging and look at you who follow the law , you who seek the Lord .
Look to your father Abraham , and Sarah who gave you birth .
He will comfort Zion , and he will comfort all the waste places , and he will be like the Garden of Eden; joy and joy will be found there , and all shall be well . "
<p> For your sake , listen to me , my people , and listen to me , my nation .
I was almost there , my righteousness was almost complete , my salvation was gone , and I waited for them to trust me .
Glance into the sky , and look down on the earth beneath: and the stars , and the sun , and
Behold , the people who know the law , the people who have my heart , be afraid of nothing , for they shall not be ashamed of you . "
Moths will eat them like a garment , and worms will eat them like wool .
Awake , awake , put on strength , Lord , as in the old days . "
Had Rahab hurt the dragon ?
Art thou not the sea that dried the sea , the waters of the great deep ?
And they shall come back , and they shall bring with them joy and joy to Zion , and they shall rejoice and praise and exalt it .
I , too , am the one who will comfort you: who is the one who fears death , and the son of a man who mows the grass .
Where does the rage of oppressor have to go ?
The prisoner hastens to put him free , and that he must not die in the pit , nor lose his bread .
I am the Lord of the Sea , waves of the sea , wave-washed mountain , wave-washed mountain .
<p> And I'm telling you that I know I'm wrong , I don't think that's what I'm doing , I'm telling you , I don't think that I am doing anything wrong , I'm just getting out of here and
Babies in cribs are hooked to a cradle , infants in cribs are hooked to a nipple , babies in cribs are hooked to a nipple , babies in cribs are hooked to a nipple , babies in cribs are hooked to a nipple
None of the sons she has brought forth , nor any of the sons she has taken , is capable of guiding her .
And who will be sorry for you ?
Desolation , destruction , famine , and the sword: by whom shall I comfort you ?
The sons of your sons are all through the streets as a wild bull in a net: They are full of wrath of God .
I've taken the cup of your hand , but not with wine . "
Come , awake , awake , O Jerusalem , the holy city , for the time has come .
Get off the dust , you sit here in this stone building , you captive of the temple , you daughter of Zion .
So the Lord says , You have sold your soul for nothing , and have come to salvation without the payment of money .
Thus Babylon was oppressed by the Assyrian , and the Assyrian was oppressed without cause .
So then , what's my people , Lord ?
The Lord says , " They rule over them , and they cry out , " My name still is condemned .
Thus my name will be known among my people: therefore they will know me .
The feet of the good man who brings good news , that he brings good news to the mountains , that he brings good news to the mountains; that he says to the mountains , Thy God is on his feet; that he says to the mountains ,
The watchmen raise their voices , and they sing: They will see the Lord's coming again , and they will see the same eye of His .
Sing together , you waste places of Jerusalem , for the Lord has comforted His people , He has saved Jerusalem from harm .
To see the salvation of God in the eyes of all nations is the message of God's Kingdom .
Go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go ,
It's not time to hurry , nor is it time to fly .
Look , my servant will be wary , he will be praised and praised , and he will be very high .
So many nations shall be astonished at you , and thy face shall be more than the sons of men:
Who can believe our report ?
Who is the arm of the Lord ?
He is a tender plant , and as root out of a dry earth , he is not beautiful .
He hated and rejected men , and was known to be one of those men , sad , and without much good in himself .
Our sorrows , our guilt , our anger , our sadnesss , our loneliness , our pain , our anger , our grief .
He has been wounded in our sins , but he has been wounded in our sins , and we have been healed .
The Lord made us all guilty by turning us all our ways .
They oppressed him , and they made him suffer , but he did not open his mouth: he was a lamb before his eyes , and his mouth was a lamb before his mouth; he was a lamb before his heart .
He has been taken from prison and from the courts: Who will tell the generation ?
His land of living was taken away: he was a transgression of my people .
He was a grave , and the rich man died with him , because he did nothing , and he did nothing lying .
When you make him a sin he will be happy to bruise it , and it will be a good and lasting comfort to him , and the LORD will prosper in his seed .
He will see the suffering of his soul , and he will be satisfied: he will bear the sins of my soul , and I will be whole .
He divided spoil with the strong , and divided spoils with the strong , because he had poured his soul into death .
You , who bore , you who did not suffer , you who did not suffer , you who did not suffer , you who did not suffer .
I don't know what the tent , or the curtains , or the cords , or the stakes , or the rope , or the stakes , or the ropes , or the cord , or the stakes , or the leashes .
And don't sweat it , don't squirm , don't cry , don't give up the girl and start yelling at me--that's what I want you to do .
The name of your God is your husband , the name of the Son of the whole world .
<p> And the last thing you know is that when you were rejected , your God called you a woman abandoned and a woman of her age , and that was the end of that
I stayed away for a while , but I'll be back with great mercy .
For a moment I hid my face from you , but for you I will be merciful to you , the Lord of the Redeemer .
I swear to you , as I promised Noah , that the waters of Noah will not pass over the earth .
The mountains will fall , the mountains will rise again , but my kindness shall not be stolen , nor shall my peace be destroyed .
I lay down the stones , and lay down the sapphires , and lay them with a lovely color on top of the hill .
I will make your windows and your gates of carbuncles , and all your borders of pleasant stones , to your ears and eyes .
Let the teachers of your children teach you the word of the Lord , and your children shall be glad .
You're going to establish righteousness in you , you're not going to be afraid of oppression , for you're going to stand for them .
Look , they are definitely gathering , but not by me: whoever gets in with you will fall .
Look , I created a smith that did burn the coals and bring out tools for his work .
No weapon that shall slay you shall prosper; and every tongue that shall oppose you shall be thrown down .
This is the heritage of the servants of God , and I'm proud of it .
Come , all who thirst , come to the water , and the one who has not money , come to the water .
So you spend money on something that doesn't have bread ?
And you work for what you don't ?
BE HEARD , AND EAT WHAT IS GOOD , AND YOUR SOUL WILL BE BLISSED WITH FATNESS .
Listen , and let me be sure to make a vow of it , even the sure mercy of David , to your soul , that you will live .
I gave him to the people , a leader and commander of the people .
For the Lord your God is the one who has honored you , and He will be honored by the nation you know , and the nation you do not know .
Call upon the Lord when he finds him , and call him when he's near , and he'll be glad to forgive you .
I'm not thinking about your thoughts , not even your ways , the Lord .
And as the sky above us is higher than that of the ground , so is my way higher than yours .
In the last few days , when the rain falls , and the snow falls , and the sky is dark and no longer returns , but the sower rises , and grows , and he sows seed , he sows seed , he sows seed
You'll be glad , and you'll be happy , and the mountains and the hills will sing , and the trees will clap their hands , and all the bugs will be so happy they'll
The fir tree , the myrtle tree , and the name of the Lord will be forever .
Thus the Lord says , Keep your judgment , and do justice: for my salvation is near . '
Blessed is the man who does it , and the son of a man who holds it , and he keeps his hands off it , and it keeps its mouth shut .
And no one shall speak to a stranger , who joins himself to the Lord , saying , The Lord has totally separated me from my people .
And the best thing I do is to give them a place and a place in my house and in my walls , and to make sure that my house and my walls are just as I've given them and their parents , and the family of the
Son of strangers , who join themselves to the Lord , to serve Him , and to love the name of the Lord , to be His servants , every one who keeps the Sabbath .
The Lord God , who is the one who gathereth outcasts of Israel , says , But I will take them in hand , " said Aaron .
All the beasts in the field , all the beasts in the woods .
All are ignorant , are all dumb , cannot even bark .
Yeah , they're greedy dogs , always looking for their own gain , all in all , getting off the land of bones and cabbages and all that .
Come , tell them I will bring wine , and we will have a good time , and many toasts .
The righteous man , and no one will take him to heart: and the good man is taken away , no one takes him to heart .
They'll rest in their beds , each walking upright on its hind legs .
But come closer , you sons of witch , seed of adulterer and whore .
Who's the sport you're playing against ?
Who's going to pull your tongue out of your mouth ?
You are not children who have transgressed , you are children who have lied , you are children who have killed children in the valleys under the rocks , who brought out an infant ?
Your part is among the smooth stones of the stream , and they are your lot .
Should I comfort this with this comfort ?
Now you lay on a high mountain and offered a sacrifice .
You've also taken away the door and posts , and you've revealed yourself to other people than me , and you've expanded your bed .
And then you took the ointment , and you increased your perfume , and you sent your messengers far away , and you were debased .
You were in the way of great power yet you said , There is no hope .
And who were you afraid or scared to tell , and you didn't even remember me ?
I never quieted down , and you didn't feel me ?
I will tell you , Your righteousness and Your works will not be profitable .
If you fear , let your companies go; but the wind carries them away; vanity will be taken away , but he who trusts me will have the land .
The Spirit of the humble and the Spirit of revelation are mine , and I dwell in the high and holy place , with the Word of God in the bosom of Abraham , and I will
I won't argue with you , not even for me , not for you , not for me , not for me .
My anger turned to rage , and I struck him , and his anger turned to fury , and he dashed off with his heart .
I saw him , and I'll fix him , and I'll take care of him and his mourners .
I create the fruit of the mouth; peace , peace to him who is far away , and near , and within .
But what I am referring to is a troubled sea , filled with the dirt and sand of evil that cannot rest , but has to keep on for the good .
The evil is not peace , my God .
You know how Jacob makes his shout loud and shrill , heaving the sins of Jacob and House Jacob together , and House Jacob's sins in the house .
Yet they seek me daily , and they delight in knowing my ways , as a nation that did justice and forsook God's law: they ask me to know the secret of God's Kingdom .
Then we start the fast , don't we ?
Why then did we offend our soul , and you do not know ?
Look , you're going to have pleasure , and you'll be able to do all the work .
Look at you , you're going fast , you're going fast , you're going fast , you're going fast , you're going fast , you're going fast , you're going fast .
So I've chosen it that fast ?
A day to be a man who hurt his soul ?
To bow down and spread ashes under him ?
Shall the Lord be pleased with such a day ?
Didn't I choose the quickest route ?
To let the wicked go , to undo the heavy burden , and to let the oppressed go free ?
Don't feed the hungry , and go into the house of the poor ?
When you see the naked , you see him , and you're not hiding your body ?
Then your morning breaks , bringing your health fast and breaking the pain you are feeling .
You call out , and the Lord answers , and you scream , and he says , I am here .
If you remove the yoke , the finger , and the tongue , and the vanity; and if you are so hungry you shall be so , and you shall be so , and you shall be so , and you shall be so
Build these old ruins , you will , Build the foundations of generations , and you will be called , the restorer of the breach , the restorer of the way .
Saddam , from the Sabbath , from the holy day of the Lord , to honor him , not to do your own way , but to honor him , honorable; and you will honor him , not to do your own way , but to the
<p> The image of God's hand is not shortened , that he can save you , nor your ears , that he can hear: But your sins have hidden his face from you .
Blood , blood , blood , drop , drop , drop , drop , drop , drop , drop , drop , drop , drop , drop , drop .
In vanity they trust , and speak lies , think wicked thoughts , bring forth iniquity .
He devours the eggs , has spider webbed toes , and cradles the plucked bones .
It is not clothing they become , it is not covering themselves with their work , it is not a way of saying that they belong to a past that is wholly violent .
They run to evil , and they seek to tear innocent blood from the earth: they think of evil , and they seek to destroy themselves .
They know not peace , and they do not know who goes there , and they do not know who comes out happy .
We wait for light but are in darkness .
So we are blind , and we go home to an empty house , and we keep an eye on the house , and we find it empty , and we keep up our hope and dream of a quiet life .
We're like bears , we're sad , we look for judgment , but there is nothing to be done .
We know our sins , and we know our sins , and we know our sins , and we know our sins , and we know our sins , and we know our
Judge turns back to his boss , and justice comes far away .
Truth is , he was a foolsay , and preyed upon the Lord , who saw him , and felt disgusted .
And he saw no man; he wondered if there was no one to help him: he didn't have any weapons , or anything .
Then he put on the breastplate of righteousness , and the helmet of salvation on his head; and he went forth in his robes of vengeance .
According to his deeds , he will repay , vengeance to his enemies , retribution to his enemies .
And there will be a king from the west , the name of whom we will fear , and the glory of the sun shall come down from heaven .
When the enemy comes , the Spirit of God will raise a standard against him .
The Redeemer will come to Zion from the place of David , and the ones who turned away from sin in Jacob .
But I swear by you , my soul and my words , which I have spoken to you , that the door of your mouth will not leave your lips , nor out of your lips of your seed shall your seed be
Come , shine , for the glory of God is upon you .
Darkness will cover the earth , and the people will gross themselves out .
Gentiles come to your light , and kings to your glory .
Look round , and behold: they all come to you , and your sons and daughters will come from far .
Then you will see , and you will be terrified , and your heart will be enlarged , because the sea will be converted to you .
Camels cover you; dromedaries of Midian and Ephah; they come from Sheba; they come from Bethlehem .
Kedar come to you , the Nebaioth to you , and I will be honored by house of my glory . "
Who flies like a cloud , and as a doves to the window , by the window ?
Tarshish ships come to the name of the Lord , and of the Holy One of Israel , and of silver and gold , and of all the congregation of Israel , and of all the Jews , and of all the peoples of the earth
You have struck me , but I have mercy on you , and I have mercy on the sons of strangers .
Thus the gates of the gate are opened , bringing forth a multitude of Gentiles , and King's soldiers will be brought to you .
The nation and the kingdom that will not serve you will be utterly destroyed .
Lebanon's glory shall be yours , the fir tree , the pine tree , and the box , and I will make it lovely .
They will bow to you , and all who despise you bow to you; and they will call you , the city of the Lord , the Holy One .
If I will , I will make you an eternal glory , a joy for many generations , and I will leave you alone .
And you will suck the milk of the gentiles , and you will be the king of Judah , and you will know that I am the Lord of Jacob .
I will bring gold and silver , and I will bring silver and wood , and I will bring them to you .
The crimes of these evil men , your country will hear no more violence , waste or destruction , but you will call your walls of salvation , and your gates of praise .
The sun will not shine upon you , nor will the moon give you light , but the Lord will be with you forever . "
And the sun shall not fall , nor shall the moon disappear , for the Lord will be your everlasting light .
They will inherit the soil , the branch of my garden , the work of my hands , that I may be honored .
A little one will be a thousand , a little one will be a strong nation .
The Lord God is with me , because the LORD has chosen me to proclaim good news to the poor , and to the captives , and to the opening of the captives' mouths .
They're building up old ruins , raising remnants of the past , and rebuilding other rubble in the process .
The stranger will stand and feed your flock , and the alien will be your plow and your vinedressers .
You will be called priests of the Lord , and you will be called ministers of the glory of God .
And for pity's sake , they will have double , and be in love with the joy of their country: " ( Matthew 23:30-34
I'm a judge , I hate robbery , and I'll make a solemn vow to them , to their children , to their grandchildren , to their children .
All who behold them will recognize them , that they are the seed of the Lord , and will come to know him among the Gentiles .
And with the Lord , my soul will be glad for him , for he has carried me to the robe of salvation , and he has adorned me with the robe of righteousness .
The Lord God will bring forth righteousness and praise from the nations , and the earth shall bring forth the bud .
Therefore I shall not rest until righteousness comes , and the glory of Jerusalem is as bright as a light , and the salvation of the whole world is as bright as a flame , and the saving of Jerusalem is as bright as a beacon , and
The Gentiles are going to see your righteousness , and all the kings will boast of you .
You shall have the crown of glory in the hands of God , and a royal crown in the hands of His people .
But you will no longer be called Forsaken , nor will your lands be desolate: but you will be called Hephzi-bah , and your lands will be blessed .
As a young man marries a virgin , so will your sons marry you .
So keep your walls , Jerusalem , and they will be quiet , and neither will you nor their prophets , until the Lord establishes His kingdom , and till it is completed , and till he completes his work , and until he completes it , and until it
The Lord swore by his arm , and his strength , I will not give you the corn , for the sake of your enemies .
Go through the gate , go through the gate , prepare the way of the people; lift the gate; lift the gate; lift the gate .
Ooh Lord , for it has spoken , and the daughter of Zion , behold , the salvation of the world is with him , and his work is before him .
They call themselves , the holy people , the redeemed of the Lord: "
Who is it who comes from Edom with a dyed gown ?
That's beautiful in the gown , the way he travels ?
I speak the truth , I am strong enough to save .
So art thou red with thy apparel , and thy apparel like him who swears by wine ?
And I'm going to go to the winepress alone , and I'm going to tear down the plants and take their heads off and throw them into the sand , and I'm going to make them angry with
I've got a heart for revenge , and the year of my redemption is here .
Looking at it , I was struck by a feeling that there was nothing I could do; and I felt a need to find out if there was anything I could do
I will gather my anger and my rage to those I find myself angry with , and I will make them drunk with rage , and I will destroy their strength .
I will mention lovingkindness in the name of the LORD , and of the praise of the ONE who has given us , and of the vast kindness he has done to the house of Israel , because he has given us the Holy Spirit , and the
He said , I bet they're my people , kids who won't lie: Children with a conscience .
He had been afflicted with all his misery , and the angel of his presence had rescued him: in his love and in his grief he had saved them .
But they rebelled , and offended the Holy Spirit's spirit: <p> " Behold , I have set the bounds
And it was for that that Moses and his people walked out onto the sea in old days , he remembered , and remembered the shepherd's flock .
Where was the holy Spirit of God ?
Then Moses , with his glorious arm , divided the waters before them , and became a name forever ?
So they rode through the deep , as a horse in the wild ?
When the beast fell into the valley of darkness , the Spirit of the LORD caused him to rest .
Look down from heaven , and behold the glory of your holiness and your glory , where are your strengths and your power ?
Is it a restraint of the spirit ?
We are your father , even if you don't know us , and Israel will recognize us .
Oh , Lord , why have you made us so fearful , and hardened our hearts ?
Go back to your servants , the tribe of your inheritance .
The people of thy holiness have come to be a little short of your home: Our enemies trampled thy sanctuary .
We're yours: never gave them a name , never called them by your name .
<p> By the time it burns out , the boilers of water and sizzling sound , the blisters in the arm and the hand , the wets of the face , the tears , the skin of the mouth , the closed eyes
When you had done terrible deeds , mountain ash fell on your feet , and so did mountain pebbles .
No one has ever heard , nor seen , what he has prepared for him that waits for him , O God , since the beginning of the world .
Look , we've sinned , and salvation awaits us , for we've sinned .
We all do dirty work and all our righteousness is dirty work , and we get it all like dust; and we pass it off like we are who we are and what we
Because of our sins , we have hidden our faces , for we have eaten and consumed them .
Ooh Lord , we're your father , we're the clay , and you're the potter .
O Lord , do not so harden us , no one ever remembers iniquity . "
It is a desert place , the holy city is a land of unbridled violence .
The fire burned our holy and beautiful house , where our fathers praised you .
Do you not remember that these things , Lord , are given you ?
Will you keep your peace and suffer us ?
I found them , they found me , I found myself with a littlest possible need to join them in the world of evil .
After my own thoughts I let myself go to a rebellious people , who walk in ways that are not good; that is why I'm angry with them all day .
It's smoke in my nose , the burning in my eyes .
It shall not be for me to be silent , but for you , to whom I shall pay , even your sins , and your sins , and your fathers , and your sins , and your fathers , and your sins , and your sins , and your
Thus one finds in clusters of grapes the new wine , and one says , Destroy it not , for it is a blessing: so I shall not destroy them .
I'll bring Jacob seed , and Judah seed , and my servants will be there .
Sharon will be a flock , and the valley of Achor will be a place for the herd to rest .
You're the ones who forsake the Lord , forgetting the holy mountain , and prepare the table for the soldiers , and they come the drink .
You didn't answer when I called , but you had to choose to be killed , and you'd chosen to be killed , and you'd chosen to be killed .
So God says to his servants , " Behold , my servants are feasting , but ye hungry: behold , my servants are drinking , but ye thirsty; behold , my servants have no bread; be
<p> No matter how he does it , it is the God who blesses himself in the world , and who who will bless him in the world .
And I create a new heaven and a new earth , and the former shall not be remembered .
But I am glad and delighted to create Jerusalem , and the people of Jerusalem will be happy . "
And I want to be in Jerusalem , and I want to be in peace , and I want to be with my people .
The child dies , but the sinner is a hundred years old .
They're building houses , living in them , growing grapes , and eating them , as well as eating wild plants .
They don't build , they don't plant , they don't feed , they don't eat , and they are happy to do all of that .
They do not work , they do not bring trouble , they are the seed of the Lord , and their offspring .
And when they call , I answer , and when they speak , I hear .
Wolves and lambs will eat together , and the lion will chew straw like the bullock , and the lamb will tear it down .
The Lord says not to hurt or destroy my holy mountain .
Thus the Lord says , the sky is my throne , the ground is my footstool .
Where's the rest of my life ?
I look at him , even to him who is poor and ashamed , and I tremble at his word .
He prides himself on the fact that he's a man who has killed a man; as if he'd killed a dog; he prides himself on the fact that he has killed a
Yes , they choose their own ways , and their souls are content to be associated with them .
There are those who have delusions , and who are afraid of them , and who have chosen their delusions from the ones I did not like: they have chosen their delusions from those of others .
He went on to say , Let the glory of the Lord be praised , the ones who hate you , the ones who cast you out for my sake .
A noise from the city , a voice from the temple , a voice of God .
He had brought a man's child before her pain , and before his pain came she had given birth to a man's child .
Who did you hear of this ?
Who saw such a thing ?
Is the earth brought to the floor ?
Or would the nation be born ?
As soon as she was troubled , she brought her children to Zion .
Would you like me to bring it to her at birth ?
Am I to bring forth and shut the womb ?
saith thy God , I'm sorry . "
And we all have it , in our hearts , joyfully and joyfully , but also a pure and a happy happiness that never hurts or hurts or seems to change , which is not the least bit of which we are now--a life-long
Then the glory of the Gentiles would flow like a flowing river , and the glory of the Jews like a flowing stream .
As a mother who comforted him , so will I .
When you see it , your heart will rejoice , and your bones will be like herbs .
The LORD comes with fire , and his chariots like a whirlwind , and he shall consume with fire .
The Lord will plead with all His arms , and the slain will be many .
In the gospel , the Lord says , " These are the ways of the Jews , who sanctify themselves , and purify themselves in the garden behind the tree , eat the flesh of the hog , and the mouse , and the leopard , and
<p> I will bring you a glimpse of my glory , and I will show all nations and tongues; they shall come and see my glory .
So I send them to the nations , to Tarshish , Pul , and Lud , that they draw bow , and I send them to the islands , to the islands of the sea .
A few years from now , the Lord will bring all my brothers to the holy mountain Jerusalem , and to the chariots and to the chariots and to the statues and to the altar , and to the sanctuary and to the high altar , and to
The Lord will also give them to priests and Levites .
As the new heavens and new earth I will make , so will your name and your name's , " the Lord says .
From the new moon to the next , from the Sabbath to the next , all flesh will worship me .
They go on , and look at the men who have insulted me , and they will not die , nor will their fire go out .
