Isaiah , son of Amoz , who saw Jerusalem and Judah of the Uzziah , Ahaz , and Hezekiah , the king of Judah
Oh , God , for the Lord has spoken , I have been fed and raised children , and they rebelled against me .
The ox knows his master , but the ass of his master is not known .
Sinful nation , a nation of sinners , a nation of evildoers , children who wickedly: they have forsaken the Lord , they have provoked the Holy One of Israel .
Why should you have to be so damn down on yourself ?
The whole head is sick , the heart is faint .
And with a foot there is no soundness , not even to the head , but wounds , bruises , and contusions: they do not close , they do not mollify .
Your country is desolate , your cities are burned , and the land is desolation , as the land is abandoned to strangers .
Just as a cottage in a vineyard was to be rebuilt as a palace in a besieged city , as a besieged city was to be reassembled as a house .
We should have been like Sodom , and we should have been like Gomorrah .
Listen to the word of God , the rulers of Sodom , hear the word of God .
How is it that your sacrifice serves to me ?
My bones are full of burnt offerings of rams , and fat of fed animals , and I care not for the blood of bulls , or lambs , or goats .
If you were to appear before me , who but you would ask for my court's permission ?
There is no more vain oblations; the new moon and the Sabbath , the call of the assembly , I cannot endure .
Your new moon and your new feast , my soul is weary of you .
When you spread your arms , I'll conceal my eyes from you .
So , one day , after a 10-year-old boy's loud , hoarse-humored remarks , one of them - his father - who lives in New York City - decides to stop being a miserable drunk and start acting like a grown
But if you sin they will be as white as snow , and if you sin they will be as red as crimson .
If you will and obedience , you will eat the lands , but if you refuse , you will be eaten by the sword .
How does a faithful city become a whore !
It's full of judgment; it's a good thing , but now murderers .
They're rebels , and all their pals are thieves , and they judge the fatherless , and they follow the rewards .
And the Lord , the mighty one of Israel , Ah , I will dispense with the sons of Eli , and I will heal my enemies .
Zion will be set at liberty , and the converts righteous .
They're going to ruin the sins of the righteous and destroy the sinners .
They'll be ashamed of the oaks you've picked , and they'll be ashamed of the garden you've picked .
You are like an oak leaf that fadeth , and you're like a garden that has no water .
If the strong is strong , and the maker of it is a spark , and the flame burns , then it will be as strong .
The word that Amoz saw about Judah and Jerusalem .
Bless the mountain of the Lord , who will build it in the mountains , lifting the mountains above the hills .
Many people will come and say , Come , let us go to the mountain of God , to the house of the Lord , and he will teach us His ways , and we will walk in them: and we will walk in them; and we will
They will judge nations , and it will be of many people , and they will be defeated: nation will not stand before its own people , nor will it defend itself against them .
Come , Jacob , let us go to the light of the Lord .
And you have abandoned Jacob's house , because they are from east , and they have been sent to build you up like the Philistines , and to make you glad with the children of strangers .
Their treasures , their land is laden with silver and gold , they have no end to their chariots: there are no end to their riches .
Haven't hide in the dust for the glory of the Lord , and for the glory of His majesty .
A humbling look from the man will humble him , and the haughtiness of the man will lift him , and the Lord will exalt him .
the Lord shall come to him on every one who is proud and lofty , and lift him up: he shall be named after the Lord .
Men will be lowered in loftiness , and haughtiness will be taken away from them: and the Lord will be exalted in this day and hour , and shall be called upon all the nations of
He'll totally tear idols down . "
He shakes the earth , and rocks go down into the caves , for fear of the Lord , and for the glory of His majesty .
To go out into the caves and into the valleys , and into the grottoes , and into the caverns , and into the chambers of the deep , and into the caverns , and into the caverns of the vaulted and broken walls
stop blowing in your nose , for where is it going to end ?
He who does not bring forth the One who lifts the clouds , he who does not lift the ships of water; He who lifts the waters by the mouth of the great wind; He who raises the clouds by the wind; He who seizes the
Give them to the prince and the princess will rule them .
Children will be proud of the old , base against the honor of the noble , and the proud of the child .
He'll swear to you , say , I'll be no ruler; and he'll say , I'll be the lord of the house and he'll swear that he'll get rid of you .
Because of the truth , they fell to Jerusalem , and the Lord's glory was upon them because they would not have permitted it .
You testify to their countenance , and they say they are Sodomites , they hide them , they do not give them to you .
Woe to soul of the soul !
They rewarded themselves for their wickedness .
Tell the righteous , that it is good for him: They shall eat the fruit of their works .
Woe to the wicked , that they should be lost !
He is sick of him: he has a reward for his hands .
The children are the oppressors , the women are the rulers .
You who lead you cause you to err , and you ruin the way of your path .
The Lord stands and defends the people .
The Lord will judge the people of his people , and the princes of his people .
What do you mean , beating up on my people and grinding their faces ?
saith the Lord of the whole earth .
And the LORD says , Because the daughters of Zion are proud , and they walk with their necks stretched out , and they want to walk , and to turn away from the wholeness of their hearts and go back to the wholeness of their
Lord take away the bravery of tingling ornaments on the ground , the cauls , the round tires , and mufflers , and the hats , all of which he has given to him as a gift , as a favor to him ,
Instead of a pleasant smell , there will be a smell; and instead of a girdle , a torn; and instead of a good hair , a bald head .
Your men will fall , and your great will join in the war .
And she will lament and mourn , and she will be desolate .
Seven women receive a man , and say , " We shall eat our bread and wear our clothes .
And when they came to the valley , the LORD's branch was glorious and glorious , and the fruit of the land was excellent and beautiful .
When the Lord cleans the filth , he will call out to all who remain in Jerusalem , even those who have lived in Jerusalem: " It is no longer permissible for you
At night , the LORD creates a cloud and smokes in the houses of Mount Zion , and the fire from the fireplaces in the Mount of Olives , as well as in the
It will be a tabernacle in the daytime , the shadow of heat and shelter , and secret of storm and rain , to be subverted by the almighty God of man .
I'll sing my beloved a song of my beloved touching the vineyard .
He planted vineyards , and gathered the stones , and put them into a tower in the middle of the vineyard , and erected it on an ember hill .
( He opens his mouth to say this ) My friends , and the people of Jerusalem , and the people of Judah , I pray you , to judge me .
What if I had done more to my vineyard ?
And why did I bring them grapes to begin with ?
Let me tell you what I'm going to do to my vineyard: I'm going to cut the hedge , and it's going to collapse .
His house is Israel , His house is Jerusalem , His house is Kadesh ( Hos .
Woe to those who join the house , the field , the fields , until there is no place for them , so they can be alone in the world !
The Lord of Hosts said , in my ears , many houses will be deserted , even great and fine , without inhabitants .
A whole vineyard is made of baths , and the seed of the homer is a bath .
Woe to those who come early in the morning , when they can drink strong till they are well , till they go to bed !
They've got a feast , a harp , a tabret , pipes , a glass , and wine , but they're not thinking of the Lord's hands , they're thinking of the arms of the king .
They are now in captivity , because they know nothing: and their honorable men are fed , and they are thirsty .
and so it is , and so it is , and so is , and so is , and so is , and so is , and so is , and so is , and so is , and so is , and so is , and so is ,
The mighty man will be taken down , and the mighty man shall be humbled , and the eyes of the lofty shall be lifted: and the righteous shall live .
Then the lambs feed , and fat is fed by strangers .
that it may speed up , and hasten his work , that we may see him:
Woe to those who call evil good , and good evil , and good evil !
Woe to those who are wise , and prudent , in their own eyes !
Woe to those who drink wine , and strong drink , and they take away the righteousness of the righteous !
The fire burns , and the flame produces a raggedy smoke , and the dust rises from the root of the tree: There is a glaze .
He struck the earth with his hand , and the mountains shook , and a carload of sacks of people and of sacks of goods , and the LORD's anger fell upon his people .
He does not turn his rage away , but he holds on to it .
They'll be swift , none will be weary , none will be distracted , and none will do anything but get into the best one .
And then the day will come like the roaring of the sea , and there will be rain and darkness , and the light shall be cast in darkness and darkness in the sky .
I saw the Lord sitting on a throne , high and lifted , and his train filling the temple .
It had six wings , and with each wing it covered its face , and with each wing it went , carrying its own destiny .
And one cried , Holy , Holy , Holy , Lord , come to us .
The door moved , filling the room with smoke .
And then I'm scared of me !
I was a man of unclean lips , and in the middle of a people of unclean lips I found a man .
He went up and brought the altar coal , and laid it on my lips , and said , Lo , it's on your lips .
<p> I heard the voice of the Lord , and I thought who would go with us ?
I'm here , so send me here .
He said , Go , and tell them , Hear , but don't understand .
Make the heart of the people fat , and their ears heavy , and shut their eyes , and they will see with their eyes , and hear with their ears , and understand with their heart .
Then I tell you , Lord , how long ?
And he answered , until the cities come to grief , and houses are deserted , and land is desolate , and the Lord has removed people from the land .
And the tenth , and it will be to the tenth , and it will come back again , and the tenth , and he will be back , and he will give and he will give , and he will give , and he will give , and the
Rezin , son of Uzziah , king of Judah , and Pekah , son of Remaliah , king of Jerusalem , came to pass .
Syria is a confederate of Ephraim , " he told David . "
He moved his heart through the people , past the shackles and iron chains and chains and ropes .
Isaiah , go to Ahaz , Shear-jashub , and say to him , at the end of the conduit of the upper pool in the highway of the fuller's field .
Ephraim , son of Remaliah , and son of Remaliah , they have spoken against you , saying , Let us go to Judah , and make a breach there .
The head of Damascus is Damascus , and the head of Damascus is Rezin .
Samaria is Samaria's son .
And if you don't believe it , you won't be able to . "
And also , again , the Lord spoke to Ahaz , and asked him to bring forth the sign of the Lord .
Ahaz said , I am not asking , neither am I tempted by the Lord .
He said , Hear , O David , is it a little thing to weary men but to weary the heart of God ?
Thus the Lord will give you a sign , and you will be a virgin , and you will bear a son .
Butter and honey eat , therefore he can choose good and reject evil .
In the time of the child's learning to reject evil and choose the good , both her kings will abandon the land that you hate .
King Nebri will come to you from the day that Ephraim left Judah , and from your people , and from your father's house .
For the Lord will hiss at the fly that dwelt in the river of Egypt , and the bee that dwelt in the land of Assyria .
They'll all go out to the desolate valleys , and they'll fill in holes in the rocks , and on all the bushes , and on all the bushes .
In the olden days the Lord shaved the beard with a razor that was hired by the king of Assyria , king of Assyria's head and beard .
He'll be given young cows , two sheep , and butter , and he'll eat butter and honey .
A day of briers and thorns will be , where there were thousands of vines , silverlings and thorns .
Men will come with flint and arrows , because the land will be full of thorns .
No fear of briers and thorns on all hills dug with the mattock .
Then the LORD said , Take a big roll , write it down with a pen on Maher-shalal-hash-baz .
I have also taken my faithful witnesses to record , Uriah the priest and Zechariah the son of Jeberechiah .
I get to the prophetess , and she has a son .
The Lord called me Maher-shalal-hash-baz .
My father and mother will be taken away from Assyrian kings before the child is born .
Jesus said to me , forasmuch as the people refuse to take the water of Shiloah , and they rejoice in Rezin and Remaliah son; but it is not for them to give their praise , and it is for
All ye people , O ye people , and you shall be broken up , and you shall be made a clean thing in the earth . "
As you must consult with each other , and nothing will happen to you; for God is with us .
I shall not dwell in it , " the Lord said to me , " Say not , a confederacy , to all the people who will say ,' A confederacy ,' " I will send you out .
And let the Lord of Host be sanctified , and let him be thy fear .
He was a stone , but for Jews , for gentiles , for Jews , for everyone .
Many of them will topple , bump the skis , flip over the rung or go airborne .
My disciples I will bind , seal the law with them .
And I shall wait for the Lord , and I shall seek him in the house of Jacob .
Now , look , I am the sign and the miracle of the children of Israel , given to me by the Lord of hosts , who dwells in the mountains of Zion .
Shouldn't the people of their own gods seek to know , and the wizards who look , and the one who whisper: And thou shalt not speak .
To live to the dead ?
If they don't speak the word , it's because there's no light in them . "
He will pass by them , barely able to eat and hungry , staring up at them , and angry , and looking up , and at them .
They look to the ground , and they see the darkness , the pain , the despair , the darkness .
There was nothing wrong with his doing that , and then there was his doing more damage to her when he went to the first time he was in the land of Zebulun and the land of Naphtali .
<p> There was the brightness of it: the people who were in the darkness , they saw a great light: they who were in the dark .
You multiplied the nation , not augmented the joy: they rejoiced at the harvest , and they rejoiced at the harvest , and they rejoiced at the harvest , and they rejoiced
He broke your burden , and his staff the shoulder , as in the day of Midian .
Confusion will ensue , and the warrior will be in the blood , but it will be with fire and fire .
If his mother's first husband dies , he will be a child , and if his father's dead , he will be a son .
Nor will the increase of government and peace , and the kingdom of David , and the kingdom of David , and the kingdom of David , and the kingdom of David , and the kingdom of David , and the kingdom of David , and the kingdom of David
The zeal of the Lord will accomplish this .
The Lord spoke to Jacob , giving him light .
But we'll build with stone: the sycomores , anyway , all of us know that bricks fell .
In his presence the Lord brings Rezin's foes against him , and the Philistines against him , and the Israelites will be drawn into the open mouth of his wrath .
His anger doesn't turn it away , but it still holds his arm .
I don't want to be killed , but the people are not looking for the Lord .
The LORD will cut off the head and tail of Israel in one day .
The old and honorable , he is the head , and the prophet's name is the tail .
They are the leaders of the people , and they are destroyed by them .
For every one is a hypocrite and a liar , and every mouth is full of vice .
He doesn't turn his rage away , but he still holds on to it .
It is a fire burning , and flames flicker and smoke and a horrible taste in the nostrils , and they will make me pass out .
Land is dark , and people are like the fire , no one is willing to spare his brother .
<p> She grabs the right arm , he's hungry , he's going to eat the left arm , and he's gonna lose .
<p> But his anger isn't turning away , it's holding on to his hand .
To turn away the needy from judgment , and to strip the right of the poor to prey upon them; to turn away the greedy from pity , and to disp
What will you do when visitation ends and desolation overtakes you ?
Who can help you in that ?
Where does your glory go ?
They'll bow to the prisoners , and sink down to the dead .
His anger isn't turning him away , it's still holding on to his arm .
I am outraged by Assyrian , and my staff is mine indignation .
I will send him against the hypocritical nation , and against the nation of my wrath , I will deliver the spoils , and I will take the prey .
But that's not what he means , he means the destruction and destruction of nations , not a few .
He says , aren't all kings ?
Isn't Calno the same as Carchemish ?
Is Hamath the same as Arpad ?
Is Damascus the same as Damascus ?
For as I have done in Jerusalem and her idols , I have done also in Samaria .
Then I shall punish king Assyria , and his glory , and his high face , and his heart .
So I've done it , and with my strength , and with my wisdom , I've made sure that the altar is pure and unadulterated .
shall he boast that he can defend the axe ?
Or will it be able to withstand the saw ?
His staff was raised by the rod as if by the rods , as if the staff were being shaken by the staff .
The Lord , the Lord of hosts , will send His Fat Ones to the lean Ones; and under His glory he will burn like fire .
Israel will be a light of fire , and the Holy One of Israel will be a flame of life .
Few trees provide much shade , so the child can write in it .
I can see no reason why the remnant of Israel , and those who fled from the house of Jacob , should not be kept by him , but shall dwell on him , in the city of David , and in the Holy One of God
And even the remnant of Jacob will be returned , even the remnant of Jacob .
But the people of Israel are like the sand of the sea , a remnant will be born again .
In the midst of this land , the Lord God will consume the whole country , determined by the will of the Father .
Therefore the Assyrian shall not fear you , my people who dwell in the land of the Lord , for he shall strike you with a rod , and he shall lift up his staff .
It will be a little while , and then it will be out of my hand , and my anger will have burned away , blown into nothing .
And the Lord of Hosts will stir up the plague on him according to the slaughter of Midian at the rock of Oreb: and as Spear was on the sea , so shall he be lifted up by the Egyptians .
It'll take the yoke off your neck , and the yoke off your arm , and it'll take the yoke off your back .
They pass through the passage , they pass through a passageway , the stench of the dungeon .
Ah , God , good Lord , how many have you and how many are left alive !
Madmen are removed , Gebimites gather .
That day he would remain at Nob that way , shaking his hand to mount the daughter of the Holy Land .
Look , the Lord , the Lord of Hosts , will be the one who brings terror: and the tall ones will be humbled .
He cuts thicket with iron , and Lebanon plummets away .
THE SPIRIT OF THE LORD TURNS UP on Jesse , the spirit of wisdom and understanding , the spirit of counsel and strength , the spirit of the Spirit of peace .
His loins and faithfulness are the girdle of his reins .
And when the wolf and lamb and leopard are with the kid , they come up with the lamb , and the lion comes up with the lamb .
Cow and bear feed , their young ones sleep together: the lion eats straw like the ox .
Then the baby puts his arm around the cockatrice , plays with the hole of the asp , and the child closes his eyes and sings .
( n29 ) As the waters cover the sea , the knowledge of the Lord will be full .
Jesse's root there will be; there the Gentiles will seek; and there the Jews will seek him .
Somewhere between Jerusalem and Babylon , the Lord will recover the remnant of his people , which will be left , from Assyria , from Egypt , and from Pathros , and from C .
He will establish an ensign for the nations , and he will assemble the scattered of Israel from the four corners of the earth .
Ephraim will not envy Judah , and Judah will not grow angry with him .
They will fly to the west , and the children of Ammon will be on their shoulders; and the children of Ammon will be on their backs; and the children of Ammon will be on their
The mighty wind will shake the Egyptian sea to its absolute destruction , and sweep away all the riverlets , which we are sure to have in the river Nile .
It was as if the Israelites of that day had come out of Egypt , to kill and destroy us .
You say , Lord , I will be delighted to praise you , but you hate me , and you hate me .
For the LORD JEHOVAH is my strength and my song , and I will trust him with all my heart and soul .
So it will be with joy that you draw water from the wells of salvation .
You will say , Praise the Lord , call upon his name , say the Word , and tell the people , and say that he is exalted in heaven .
Sing to the Lord , for he has done great things . "
But you have been placed in the midst of the Holy One of Israel , and the Holy One of Israel is in you .
The burden of Babylon , which the son of Amoz saw .
Take a banner to the high mountain , raise the voice , shake the hand , and they're off to the gates of nobility .
I commanded my holy ones , I also called my mighty ones to my anger , even those who rejoiced at my highness .
The noise of the crowd , like a great congregation , like a great nation; a tumultuous tumult of the kingdom of nations: what is it to be ?
His weapons of anger will destroy all the cities from far land , from sky , even from the Lord .
Oh , for the day of the Lord comes , it will be a disaster .
They'll wrinkle in agony , be afraid , and melt in fear: because they know the true horror .
The day of the Lord is cruel , and his anger and rage will turn the world upside down .
If the sun doesn't shine , the moon doesn't , and the sun will never shine .
I will punish the world for its wickedness , and the wickedness of the wicked shall be stopped , and I shall be glad to let the haughtiness of the terrible go away .
And even a man than a golden wedge of Ophir will be more valuable than gold .
In the day of the Lord's fierce wrath , heaven and earth will fall away , shepherding her in the path of destruction .
Some of them will turn to their own people , and to the Lord their God will send them all the way .
All who find them are dragged before the sword , and all who join them are destroyed .
Their children are ripped apart before their eyes , their homes are leveled , and their wives are raped .
Look , I'll stir up the Medes against them , which will have no regard for silver , and gold will have no regard for them .
The bow also tear open the young men , and they will not be sorry to see the infant dead .
Babylon will be destroyed as Sodom and Gomorrah were destroyed by God , and Babylon will be restored by the glory of the kingdom .
No one will be there , not from generation to generation , not from shepherds to shepherds .
Wild beasts of the desert are there , and a lot of nasty creatures; and owls will be there , and they will be flying , and they will be singing .
The wild beasts of the islands will be in their desolate houses , and the dragons in their pleasant homes will be in their few lonely nights , and she will be gone soon , and not long .
Jacob will be pleased with the Lord , and he will choose Israel , and he will be in his own land .
They shall be led , and they shall be servants and sent to the house of the Lord , and to serve and keep the Word of God: I am the servant of the Lord your God
You shall take this proverb to the king of Babylon , when the Lord will be pleased to ease you from your grief and fear , and from your hard bondage , and from your hard bondage .
That golden city has ceased to be !
The Lord broke staff with wicked staff and with sceptre of rulers .
And the one who struck the people with an unrelenting stroke , ruler of the nation , punished them , and none of them would be hurt .
The whole world comes quietly , and there's singing .
<p> Yeah , the fir trees rejoicing , and the cedars of Lebanon saying , since you're dead , you're gone .
dead are moved on to your feet , even kings from the past , even kings from the present , and you make them .
They will tell you all about it , will you be weak like us ?
Art thou going to make us like ourselves ?
Pomp on the grave , and the noise of your viols: worm wriggling under you .
How you've gotten out of heaven , Lucifer , son of Morning !
How art thou coming down to the earth , which weakened the nation !
I'm going to sit on the mount of the congregation , in the north , and I'm going to sit on the tallest point of the sky: the Holy Mountain .
But you can come in the pit , on the side of the pit .
<p> She'll look at you , and he'll see you , and he'll say , Is this the man who shook the world , and destroyed the cities of the world; that opened the door , and the world went away; that opened
All kings of the earth , even the whole world , bask in glory .
I'd even have a homely and empty version of the one I used for the birth of my daughter , but I would have a homey and empty version of the one I'd used for the death of my mother
You won't be buried with them , because you've destroyed your country , killed your people , and the seed of evil will never know you're alive .
Prepare the slaughter of his children for the sins of his father; that they do not rise , nor do they have the earth , nor do they have a face .
So I'll go against them , and I'll cut them off , and I'll take their name , and their rest , and my nephew , and their nephews , and their relatives , and their friends ,
I will also draw it to the bittern , and the water will be drawn from the pool of destruction , the Kingdom of Heaven .
The Lord of Hosts swore , and I thought so , so it shall be .
This is the whole purpose of the world: and this is the hand stretched out upon all the nations .
The Lord of the Host had planned it , and who could cancel it ?
He stretches out a hand and who does it turn ?
Ahaz's death was the burden to be borne .
Oh , my God , not the whole Palestina , for the serpent root is broken , and the fruit of the serpent is a fiery flying serpent .
In a little while I'll feed the poor , and the needy will be safe , and I'll kill your root .
Howl , O gate; cry , O city; there is smoke coming from the north .
What is to be answered by the messengers of the nation ?
Let us send out men to the poor and deliver them to the Lord our God , and the poor shall be well . "
s burden of Moab's place .
So he's gone to Bajith , and to Dibon , the night of Moab , and goes to Givorah .
Their cry , their weeping , will be girded on the streets , on the tops of their houses , and in the streets , will rise up and shake the world .
And Elealeh cries , and Elealeh: She will hear the voice of armed men of Moab .
The heart of Moab will cry out for Luhith , and fugitives to be taken to Zoar , a three-year-old goat .
The waters of Nimrim are barren , the grass is dead , there is nothing green .
They therefore carry with them the abundance they have , and the ones they have taken , to the brook .
The moab roar has gone out of the hills , and the howling of it has ceased to sound and will be gone , like a moon in a dark sky .
I shall bring more of the blood to Dimon waters , and I shall bring to the lions .
Send the lamb to the ruler of the land from Sela to wilderness , from mountain to mountain , from valley to valley , from vineyard to vineyard , from tomb to tomb
Thus Moab's daughters will be flying down from Arnon's ford as a wandering bird from a nest .
Take counsel , execute judgment; be very careful not to displease him that wanderer .
Let the Moabans hide , Moab , for extortion is dead , spoilers are dead , oppressors are dead , judges are dead .
In the name of God , the throne will be established in the tabernacle of David , and he will sit in the presence of God , and he will judge , and seek justice , and haste , and faithfulness , and the exercise of patience
We heard of Moab Pride and what it did to Moab's pride , and how it might have turned Moab into a lake of dirty , sinewy glory .
So Moab will howl for Moab , everyone will howl: Kir-hareseth is dead , they will be mourned .
The Heshbon fields , vine of Sibmah , lords of the heathen: they wandered through the desert .
And now Elealeh: O Heshbon , I weep with tears , O Heshbon , I weep with tears , O Heshbon .
No singing , no shouting in the vineyards , and I don't make' em sing . "
Then my bowels will sound like harps for Moab , and my inner parts will be Kir-haresh .
When Moab sees that he is weary on the high ground , he comes to his sanctuary to pray , but he will not prevail .
Since then , the Lord has spoken of Moab .
Lord , said the Lord , in three years , as the years of a servant , and the glory of Moab shall pass away , and the rest shall be small and weak .
I am the burden of Damascus .
Look , Damascus is a city , and it's a ruin .
Cities Aroer are deserted: to their flock they shall return; and none shall be fearful .
The fortress will cease to be Ephraim , and the kingdom of Damascus , and the rest of Syria will be like the glory of the children of Israel .
Then Jacob's glory will be thin , and his flesh will be lean .
And it shall be as the harvestman gathereth the corn , and the ears are harvested with his arm; and it shall be as he who gathereth the ears in the valley of Rephaim .
// In the West , two or three berries in the uppermost branches , four or five in the lowest branches thereof , the Lord God of Israel , the Lord God of Israel , // speak to us from the Bible , " " From the inside of
At that time a man would look to his Maker and give the reverence due to the Holy One of Israel .
Neither does he look at altars , the work of his hands , nor does he respect images .
<p> And he will be a desolate bough , and the topmost branch of the Jewish people , which they left for the children of Israel: <p> And he
He had forgotten God's salvation , and you didn't pay attention to the rock of his strength , so you planted a lovely plant , and planted a strange slip: The American League has banned the commercial use of Coca
Woe to the multitude of men who make such clamor as the surf , and the rushing of nations , that make such clamor as the surf !
The nations rush like the rushing of the sea , but God will send them down like the swamps , washed away like the ocean , with a vengeance that will wash them up like the waves of the
And he wasn't there till the evening , and he wasn't there by morning .
It's the ones that ruin us , and the rest are robbing us .
And even in boats of bulrushes , the land shadowing the mountains , sending out a messenger to the nation .
When he lifts up the flag on the hills , and when he blows a trumpet , you'll see him up there .
Rest , and I shall be like a clear heat in the Garden , like a cloud of dew in the heat of the harvest .
When the fall rains are good , he'll cut the branches with pruning hooks , and take them off and cut the branches before harvesting .
Then they will be left to be seen by birds and beasts of the mountains , and to be tamed by the earth .
The present is brought to the Lord of Hosts a people dispersed and dispersed , and from a people that had been terrible from the beginning .
The Egyptian burden . "
He says the LORD will come down to the swift cloud , and he will come to Egypt , and the Egyptians will melt in his presence .
I will fight against the Egyptians , and they will fight each other , and the city against the city , and the kingdom against the kingdom , and all the people against the kingdom .
And the name of Pharaoh is lost in the midst of the spirit of Egypt , and I will destroy the spirit of Egypt .
They will be given to a cruel king , and he will rule them , the Lord of Israel .
Water will come out of the sea , rivers will dry up and disappear .
They are not going to see it because the river will be far away , and it will be dry and there will be nothing left to drink
But what a paper , what the mouth of a brook , what the mouth of a brook , what a brook's mouth , what a brook's mouth , what a brook's mouth , what a bro
Fishermen will mourn , and all who cast the angle into the water will be mourned , and they who spread nets will be exhausted .
<p> Meanwhile , those who work in fine flax and weave networks are confounded .
All that breaks up the sluices and ponds for fish .
What is it I , I who am a fool , the wise counsel of Pharaoh , how say to Pharaoh , I am a man ?
Where are the rest of them ?
Where is the wise man , where is the wise man ?
Now , let them tell you what the Lord of the Egyptians has in mind for Egypt .
These princes of Zoan are fools , these princes of Noph are fools , they have also betrayed Egypt .
( 2:18-20 ) The LORD mingled a perverse spirit in the midst of a place , and they caused Egypt to be drunk as a drunkard .
Neither shall work in either direction except for such work as is necessary for the purpose of making any such modification .
Egypt was like women in that day , and in that time they were dreadfully afraid and afraid of the Lord .
For it is He who by His angels has determined against him , and who feared the counsel of the Lord of hosts , who is giving him a mission to destroy him .
On that day , there were five cities in Egypt that swore to the lord of Egypt , one of them was called the city of destruction .
At the edge of Egypt , pillar at the border , there will be a cross .
For the Egyptians cry to the LORD , and he sends them forth a mighty one , and a mighty man , and they are healed by the word of the LORD .
In that day the Egyptians will know the LORD and they will swear by the LORD , and they will offer and sacrifice unto him .
The LORD shall slay Egypt , and he shall slay and heal them both .
Aging in Palestine and Assyria will be in Egypt , and Assyria will come to Egypt , and Assyria will come to Egypt .
<p> The third in Egypt and Assyria , even a blessing in a land ruled by the Lord: The king of Babylon .
When the Tartans came to Ashdod , and fought against Ashdod , and took it; At the same time , the Lord spoke to Isaiah the son of Amoz .
He walks barefoot and naked as a dog .
King Assyria takes Egyptian captives and Ethiopians , young and young , like the servant of Isaiah , who walked naked and barefoot three years earlier , after Isaiah's death .
They fear and shamed themselves to see Ethiopia , Egypt , and Egypt's glory .
And the inhabitants of this island would say , Behold , we expect this , and how we are going to escape ?
The Sea of Deserts .
Our desert comes from south , and our desert comes from a terrible place .
I see a ghastly vision , the treacherous dealer is treacherous , and spoilt the innocent .
Go , O Elam: I have made a lot of sighs , O Media .
As the agony of a woman going into the grave: I was in shock , as it were , and stunned by the sight of it .
My heart ached , and I felt the fear of a night I was happy .
Prepare the table , watch the watchtower , eat , drink , and anoint the shield .
Thus the Lord said , Go , set a guard , let him say what he sees .
He examined his army chariot , a chariot of asses , and a chariot of camels; and he studied the sight closely: And the eyes of God were in the
Babylon fell , crumbled , and all the statues of her gods were broken to the ground .
I have spoken to you concerning the Lord of hosts , the God of Israel , the God of Israel .
Dumah's burden , the burden of the gods .
Seir , Watchman , what say you to Night ?
Watchman , what's going on tonight ?
The watchman said , The Morning comes , and the Night cometh .
The burden on Arabia's shoulders .
You stay in Arabia and in the desert .
Water gave him water , which the inhabitants of Tema had rendered to him in the desert , forbidding him to flee .
They fled from the sword , the drawn sword , the bent bow , the terrible wars .
And the Lord said to me , according to the years of a child , and the glory of Kedar shall pass away:
the burden of vision of the valley .
What ails you , that you have completely withdrawn from the house ?
You are full of sparks , a turbulent city , a happy city: Your sword doesn't slay your men , it wounds them .
All your rulers are scattered , bound by archers , and there is no one among you .
So I said , Look , I'm crying , I'm crying , I can't sleep , I can't think straight , I can't think straight .
This is a day of trouble , and it is a day of confusion , and the Lord God of the mountains is in the valley of the shadow of the Cross .
Elam had his quiver full of men and horses , and Kir carried the shield .
The chariots will draw them to the gate , and horsemen will in turn be drawn to the best .
The day of the wood carving , the day of the cover of Judah , you had looked at the armor of the house of the woods .
You saw the breach of David , and you saw the water in the lower pool .
You destroyed Jerusalem's houses , and broke down its walls .
But there was no one to look at the maker of the old pool nor to be certain that it was who he had made it long before , either .
The Lord God of the hosts cried out , and He went down , out of the dark , into the gloom of the night , and He looked down at the darkening sky and He cried , and He looked down and He went down , and He
LORD OF THE BEYOND I will not be purged until you die , my lord .
So the Lord God of the hosts , go , get you to the treasurer , Shebna , and tell him what you got there ?
And who do you think it is , who goes to the tomb to take you away from him , as he goes to the tomb to take a tombstone to the sky , and buries himself in a rock ?
Look at the Lord , he will carry you away with a great prison , and he will surely cover you .
You will be hurled like a ball into a large land , and be shamed into ashamed obedience to your lord .
He'll pull you from your station and from your condition , and put you on a course of action .
I will call my servant Eliakim the son of Hilkiah , and I will have him put on my girdle , and he will come to me in my house .
I lay him down on his shoulder , and he opens , and none of them shut him out of the way they've closed off the others .
And in the perfection of the moment , I will fasten him to the nail in his perfect place , and he will be the glorious throne for my father .
All the glory of his father's house , offspring and issue , even the smallest , even the most obscure matter of disagreement , even the smallest of quarrels , the divorce of the wife and the reconciliation of the two bodies .
The nail that fastens a section of nail to the nail , and the nail that gets the nail to do it , and the nail that is fastened to the nail that fastens a section of nail to the nail .
Tyrone's burden , for Tyre .
It's a ship of Tarshish , so it's destroyed , so they don't have a house , they don't go in .
Keep your head down , ye inhabitants of the island; merchants of Zidon , who sail over the sea , have replenished you .
Sihor's revenues are great; the river harvest her revenue; and she is a great nation .
I'm ashamed , Zidon , for this sea has spoken , and the sea has spoken , and the sea has spoken , and the sea has spoken , and the sea has spoken , and there is no one who does not believe .
Another key factor in the report on Egypt is the report on Tyre .
Go to Tarshish , howl , inhabitants of the island .
Is this a happy city , still with its good old days ?
She runs her feet far away from me . "
Who is taking the advice of Tyre , capital of the world , merchants , traffickers , honorable of the world ?
In Christ , the Lord of Hosts planned to stain the pride of all glory , and to tear down all the honor of the world .
As for you , I think you pass through the land like a river .
The Lord gave a command to destroy a merchant city , and a strong hold was destroyed .
And you , poor virgin , daughter of Zidon: Rise , go to Chittim .
The land of the Chaldeans , which was not until the Assyrians built it; and it was made from them; and it was destroyed; and he took away their cities and their lands
Howl , Tarshish ship: it's destroyed .
According to the days of one king , when there is no king to tell us the future , the Tyre will be forgotten after seventy years: Now shall the
Take a harp , go to town , you whore who's forgotten , sing many a tune , you'll remember .
Lord will visit Tyre , and hire her as a whore for all the kingdoms of the world .
They shall be holy to the Lord , and her merchandise and her hire shall be holy to the Lord , and they shall be used and worn as if she were not there .
The Lord destroys the earth , and the land wastes , and the inhabitants are scattered .
As with the people , so with the priest , as with the servant , as with the master; as with the woman , as with the seller; as with the lender , as with the slave; as with the merchant , as with the slave .
The land is utterly destroyed , utterly ruined , and utterly ruined: for the Lord has spoken .
The world is dying , that's what we think , and we have been using the new language , the new language of medicine , to keep it alive
Similarly , the law , which applies to people and animals alike , defiles the inhabitants of the earth .
Hence , earth has been destroyed , and the inhabitants of the earth are destroyed , and few humans remain .
The new wine cries out , the vine crushes its way , the merry-go-round lets out a mournful cry .
But the laughter of the tabrets disappears , the clamor of the harp disappears , the joy of the harp vanishes .
They don't drink wine with the song; they are bitter about it .
The city is confused: there's no house , no one can come in .
The streets are filled with wine , joy is gone , the joy is gone .
The town is desolated , and the gate is destroyed .
<p> And there will be as much a shake of olive trees and grapes when the harvest comes , as the gleaning grapes when the grapes are harvested , as a house of water and no electricity
They will be shouting , singing , shouting from the sea .
And in these fires , the name of the Lord God of Israel , the name of the God of Israel , in whose name all the world is kept and abounded . "
And we heard songs from the bottom of the earth , even glory to the righteous .
But I say , My weakness , my frailty , my misery !
The treacherous dealers did it treacherously; yes , the treacherous dealers have done it .
You got to get into the pit , the trap , the trap , the trap .
But in a moment , that one flees from the noise of fear falls into the pit , and the one who comes out of the pit is caught in the trap: he falls for a moment before the trap
HAROLD KUBOV , 67 , Jewish archaeoastronomer , former Soviet Union leader and ex- KGB chief of staff
THE EARTH IS LIKE A DRUNK , AND ITLL FLOOM OUT OF THE sky , FLOOM OUT OF THE sky , and it won't rise , nor do
The Lord is going to punish the hosts of high ones , and kings on earth , and governors in high places .
They are brought into the jail , and after many days are passed they are sent to the penitentiary .
He shall be shamed of the moon , and of the sun , when the Lord of hosts is in Jerusalem , and before his ancients , he shall be shamed of the light of day .
Oh , God , I am your God , I will praise you , I will praise you , for you have done great things in the world .
You built a city , a heap of ruins , a palace of strangers .
So the great people will be proud of you , the city of the terrible nations . "
You were a strength for the poor , a strength for the needy in the heat , a refuge from the storm , a shadow from the heat , a protector from the sun .
The noise of strangers , as the heat of the desert is chilled , brings them down .
As we celebrate our favorite foods , there will be feasts of fatty delights , feasts of wine , dinners of fat gourd , " an alcoholic drink made from corn husks , and , among other foods , a variety of whole grains
He'll tear down a mountain , a canyon , a mountain pass , a mountainsmithing workshop , a painting workshop , a leather factory , a jewelry shop , a restaurant .
He will swallow the death of his people , and the Lord will wipe away the tears from his face .
We waited for him , and he saved us , and we will be glad and delighted to be saved by him .
It is Moab that has its Lord resting in the mountain , and for this reason the Lord is trampled under his feet like straw .
He will spread his hands as he swells with pride , bringing his arms to the water .
The high wall of your fortress will fall , and all that dust will fall .
We're in a city with a strong backbone , and God will give us a strong wall and an iron wall .
Open the gates , so that the nation that keeps the truth will enter .
You'll keep him in perfect peace , who will stand on your mind:
For the LORD JEHOVAH is eternal strength: He will smite them who dwell on high places .
Even the poor guy's legs make him go limp .
You , the upright , weigh the path of the just .
He said: O ye people of Israel , O ye children of Israel , O ye people of Israel , O ye people of Israel
I want you to go back to my soul at night and search for me in the spirit of my soul .
The wicked shall be rewarded , but he shall not be able to behold the majesty of the Lord .
LORD , when you lift your hand they won't see , but they will see , and they will be ashamed of their envy .
LORD Well , you have done every good thing for us , and every bad thing for you .
Oh , our God , we have been ruled by other lords besides you: but only by you will we be mentioned .
They'd been dead , dead , dead , dead , dead , dead , dead , dead , dead , dead , dead , dead , dead , dead , dead , dead , dead , dead , dead , dead , dead , dead .
The way you have raised the nation , the way you have enlarged it: You have taken it far from the world .
Lord , they visited you , prayed for you , when they were punished .
And as a woman with a baby has pain , so does she with her crying pangs; so we have seen you , Lord .
We were children , we were sick , we were brought to the ground , we did nothing .
My dead body will live with them .
You awake and sing , the ones who live in dust: the dead will be laid in the dust , and you will be brought forth , and you will
Come , my people , get in the room , close the door , hide it for a while , until the rage subside .
For , the Lord will come out of His place to chastise the inhabitants of the earth for their sins: the earth shall be opened , and the blood shall be shed , and the name of the Son and the Spirit
The Lord will punish the serpent that dwells in the sea , even the dragon that dwells in the sea . "
Sing it to her with red wine in the vineyard .
I keep it , I keep it , I keep it , I keep it , I keep it , I keep it , I keep it , I keep it , I keep it .
I'm not looking forward to Fury: Who could put me in battle with the briers and thorns ?
I would go through them , burn them .
He can hold my strength , that he can make me happy .
Jacob's fruit will grow and grow , and the world will be filled with fruit for the generations to come .
Had it hit him , as it had hit the ones who hit him ?
Or is it slaughtered by the slaughter of the ones it slaughtered ?
When he shoots , you have to debate with him: his wind will keep going to the east .
Jacob's sin is purged , and all the sins of the altar are broken; Jacob's groves are filled , the stones are broken; a new mountain is built , and Jacob's door is opened; the congregation is healed .
But the town is deserted , and habitation has been abandoned , and the calf has been fed , and he has taken up his lying-down position , and has been eating leaves .
The women will burn them , and he who made them will not be able to forgive them , for they are not capable of understanding: therefore he who made them will not be able to make them whole .
And that day , the Lord will be beaten out of the river to the Nile , and you shall be gathered together , O you children of Israel .
The great trumpet will be blown , and the people will come , ready to die in the land of Assyria , and the people of Egypt , and the People of Egypt will go back to Egypt , and make a new house
The crown of pride , the crown of Ephraim , the glorious beauty of that crown , which vanishes in the heads of the fat valleys , which are now the dark earth , gives an odor to the world !
See , the Lord has one strong and powerful one , which as a storm of hail and a destructive storm , as a torrent of powerful water , will lift high and shake the earth , lift high , and sweep away the foundations of the house and the
Crown of Pride , Ephraimian would be trampled underfoot: And the glorious beauty , which hangs on the head of the fat valley , will fade .
The Lord of hosts will crown his glory with a crown of glory , and a fine diadem of beauty , to the rest of His people , and for strength to them .
Their wine is wine; their strong drink is the goblet; their short lunches are marked by their long , chunky pauses; their errands are marked by their shortness; their cigarettes are marked by their long pauses; their beers are
It's like everywhere there's vomit and shit , so there's no place to clean .
Who was to teach him the knowledge ?
Who understands the doctrine of the church ?
Those who have been fed milk , and drawn from the breast , and now have returned to the land of the horses .
His speech is stilted and glum: a stammering tongue and a tongue that gets small , little: BORING THE BLOOD
He said , and he said , and the little table was empty , and he had no choice , no choice , no choice , no choice .
It was a Word of the Lord that turned and turned and turned and opened and opened and closed , through which the wicked and wicked people of Israel were overcome and rescued and rescued from the fire , and the unrighteous , perverted , despised and acc
So hear the word of the Lord , you treacherous men , who rule over the people of Jerusalem .
It has been our vow of death , and we have agreed that this was not an option , and we have given no secret of it .
I will also lay down judgment , and the righteous shall fall down into the abyss , and the waters shall sweep away the hiding place .
And when the plague passes you will be trampled by the overflowing plague , and your agreement with hell will not stand .
It will be a headache , only to understand a report by morning and by night .
The bed is shorter than the man could stretch himself into it: and the cover is narrower than the man could draw himself in it .
On that day , in the valley of Gibeon , the Lord will rise in the hills of Perazim , and he will make us like the valley of Gibeon , and there we will be as if the valley of
Thus , therefore , if you do not wish to be mocked , do not be fools , for I have heard from the Lord God of hosts that all shall be well . "
Hear me , hear me , and be one with me .
Do all these people plow their crops out to sow the plow ?
Is he tearing open and breaking the rocks ?
Don't throw out fitches when he is clear of the face , and do not scatter the cummin , and pour the grain into the main wheat and the barley ?
He was instructed by his God , for God's sake .
Cummin with a rod is not beaten with threshers , but with staffs .
Because he would never make the bread , nor break it with his cradles , nor bruise it with his horses , nor throw it to the ground , nor tear it to pieces , nor bring it to the
The Lord of Hosts is wonderful in counsel , and excellent in his work .
Woe to Ariel , the city where David lived !
They kill their sacrificial lamb each year .
But I'll be upset with Ariel , and she'll be upset with me , and it'll be heavy and sad: and it will have to be on me .
I'll be around , and I'll be on my way , and I'll be around , and I'll be around , and I'll be around .
If you fall , you'll speak from the ground , and your voice will be low , as if you had a familiar spirit .
And besides , I will be as big as the multitude of your strangers , which will be like small dust , and the vast multitude of the horrible willers will be gone .
Thunder , lightning , earthquakes , and great noise , all come from the Lord of the Mountain , who will visit us with fire .
It was like a dream , like a dream , coming to pass through the windows and then through the windows of our heads , like an invisible image of our dream , the image of our life .
Like when a hungry man dreams , and , behold , eats; but he does not eat anymore , and no longer dreams; but he is content .
Stay , and be quiet , and be quiet , but drink a little , and be quiet .
The Lord took you into deep sleep , and he shut your eyes .
And there's another way , he says , I can't , for it is sealed: And he says , I can't .
Forasmuch as the people approach me with their mouth , and with their lips they honor me , but have forgotten their heart , and fear me .
Who are they looking for , the deep cover of God's counsel , and they say , Who are we ?
Who knows who we are ?
You are considered potter's clay , for he has told us that he made it , that he did not ?
If the thing is framed , he does not understand what it is saying ?
It was not a little while and Lebanon would be the heart of a lush green field , and the fertile field would be considered a forest ?
The deaf hear the words of a book , the blind see the light of the dark .
The whole earth will be filled with peace , and the poor among men will rejoice in the Holy One of Israel .
This terrible one is destroyed , and the scorner is destroyed , and all who are guilty are sentenced to death: That is why a man is an offender , and he is a snare for him , because he has done something that is wrong
So the Lord says , Jacob shall not be ashamed of his face , not now , not now , nor ever shall his face be ashamed , nor shall his shame be upon him , nor shall his sin be brought upon him , nor shall
When he sees his children he will be sanctified by my name , and he will be fearful of God's name .
They'll also understand , and be taught by the spirit .
Tempt ye therefore to sin: the Lord saith , but not me , and he covers with a veil , but not my soul , that they may be tempted: therefore the law shall be
Thus you shall feel shame at Pharaoh , and your mind will be clouded by the shadow of Egypt .
The princes of Zoan and the ambassadors of Hanes came to him .
<p> All the people were ashamed of the people who couldn't help them , or beget them , or make their lives easier .
They carry their riches on their shoulders , and their riches on the shoulders of young asses , and their riches on the shoulders of the young lion , the viper and the fiery serpent .
I've spoken to you , their strength is useless , and they won't help you .
To write it in a table , and note it in a book , that it may be for the time of the future: that they will not be able to hear the law .
So it is with you , for you despise this Word , and trust in oppression and perdition , and will remain there .
As he does not spare: so that there will be no fire in the potter's vessel .
Thus , the Lord God , the Holy One of Israel , will come back and rest , and you will be safe .
But we're going to keep on with the horse , so we'll have quickness of escape .
One thousand will go away , leaving the five as a lighthouse on the mountain , and as a sign on the hillside .
And so the Lord will wait , that he may be gracious to you , and so He will be exalted , that He may be gushy with you , that He may have mercy on you .
And when he hears your cry he will answer you with the greatest welcome and kindliness , as he has always been kind to you . "
But your teachers will not strip you from a corner , but your eyes will see them , and your ears will hear the Word of the Lord .
You'll also destroy the silver and gold coverings , and the gold and silver decorations of your graven images .
Then the rain comes , and the land shall be full of grain and flesh , and it shall be fat and abundant , and the food of life will be from the land of the Canaan .
The oxen and the young asses that are on the ground will eat clean , which has been washed with the spade and with the fan .
In the day of the great slaughter , when towers fall , rivers and streams shall run down upon all mountains and high hills .
At Earth's north pole , a blue-white-light telescope reveals a star as bright as the Sun at magnitude 7 .
The name of the Lord is a great , burning fire , and his mouth is filled with indignation , and his tongue is full of hate: // 2 For this shall be the beginning of the
In a similar way , the heart is to be filled with the knowledge of the divine as it is in the night when the holy solemnity is celebrated , and joy in the heart of the soul .
So God hears his glorious voice from heaven , hearing His anger , and His roar of fire , burning from the belly of the woman , and sending a blast of flame to God's temple in Jerusalem , to whom the angels are given , and to whom
The voice of the Lord will beat Assyrian .
When the ground staff pass over him in every place , he will fight with them , and the Lord will give him a harpoon and a thimble .
King's ready , he's made it big and deep; the fire breathes like a stream of burning wood , like a fire .
And because they are very strong , they don't look to the Holy One of Israel; but they do not search for the Holy One of Israel; they don't search for the Holy One of Israel; they do not search
But he is wise , and there is no room for him to call back his words but against house of evildoers , and against the help of those who do evil .
Egyptian men are men , not gods , and their horses are living .
The both of him who helps and of him who assists , when the Lord extends his hand , both he who assists and he who helps , fall .
And I will make a place for them in the hearts of the people as the lion and the lion roar at their prey , the crowd not afraid of them nor cowed by the voice of the Lord .
He will fight against the Lord of Hosts as birds of the sky , and he will defend Jerusalem as he has saved them from the rav
Turn him over to the one who has gravely offended the children of Israel .
Every man will have his idols of silver and gold , made by him and his own choice .
The Assyrian falls , not a mighty man , but a weak one , and the sword of the sword falls from him .
The ensign , the Lord , whose fire is in Jerusalem , and whose furnace in Jerusalem , will be afraid of the ensign , the Lord's fire , who shall stand before the doors of the house of the Lord , and
Look , the king rules in righteousness , and the prince rules in the right of the people .
Like a hideaway , as a secret , as a storm , as a great rock in a weary land .
They are not dim , and their eyes are not being used to hearing people .
Heart will understand the knowledge , and the tongue of stammer will speak plainly .
The vile person is no longer called liberal , nor is he chubby .
In the carnal person lies speech , and his heart is full of sin , his soul is filled with seduction , temptation , and temptation , all because he is tempted to sin , and in this case , he is seduced by the sin of
The instruments of churl are bad: He shreds the poor with lies , even when the needy are speaking the truth .
But liberal people are liberal , and they'll be liberal forever .
Go on , women who are comfortably on their feet , listen to my voice , you careless daughters .
I will be troubled for a long time , you careless women: The vintage will fail , the gathering will not .
Be afraid , women who are comfortable; be afraid , you careless ones; be afraid , you anxious ones .
They must be sorry about their tits , their pleasant fields , their fertile vineyards .
Because the palaces will be abandoned , the city will be left , empty , empty , empty , empty , empty .
Then judgment comes in the desert , and righteous people stand in the field .
righteousness is peace; the effect of the law is peace .
The noise will come from the street , and the city will be low when it comes , and be quiet when it comes , and quiet when it comes , and quiet when it
Bless you who sow the ground , that the ox and the ass will be sent to sea , that the birds of the heavens will sing to you .
Woe to you who spoil , and have not spoiled it , and have not done that which is iniquitous !
It stops hurting when you stop , and when you have done that , they stop hurting you .
Oh , Lord , we have waited for you , and for you , and for you , and for us , and for you .
Nations scattered , fleeing in panic from the chaos .
And the locusts will gather themselves up like caterpillars: as they run toward and fro .
The Lord is exalted , for he is high in heaven: He has filled the earth with justice and righteousness .
A wisdom and knowledge from God is the strength of your times and the strength of your salvation .
And the brave ones will cry without: the envoy of peace will be bitterly disappointed .
The highway is a waste , the wayfarers die , he doesn't pay attention to anybody .
Earth mourns and livid: Lebanon repays and heaves .
The Lord raises me up , and I will be lifted up in His presence .
You'll get into the fire , you'll get into the fire , you'll get into the fire , you'll get into the fire .
The people burn as lime , as the burning begins .
I've done what I've done , and you , who are far , you know what I've done .
The sinners in the Holy Land are scared; they are astonished by the Pharisees .
Who's going to get the fire out ?
Who among us will be burned forever ?
He walks right by them , speaks truth , and is not afraid of losing his money , he stops his ears from hearing the blood , and shuts his ears to the taste of it .
You see the king in his beauty: a long way off the land .
Fear's got your heart all haunted up .
Where is the scribe , to whom this tale is given ?
Where did you get the receiver ?
Where is this one who counted towers ?
You'll never see a fierce people , a people who speak in a deeper language than you can understand .
Looking at Jerusalem , the city of holy: thou shalt behold the holy city , a quiet , holy place , not a stake , not a stake , not a stake , not a stake , not a stake , not a stake , not a stake ,
There was a wide river and a wide stream , and there was no galley with sails , no ship would sail there .
Lord is our judge , Lord is our judge , Lord is our king , Lord is our law .
The prey splits , hunting out prey and parasites , roaches , spiders , mice , mice , mice , mice .
I don't say I'm sick: The inhabitants of the house forgive me .
Come , ye nations , listen to him , and listen , ye people: let the world hear , and everything that is in it . "
His wrath falls on all nations , and all armies are utterly destroyed .
They'll be killed , and the glacial melt will drift across the mountains , and their blood will be washed out .
The sky will fall away , across a shattered ceiling , falling off to one side , a shaft of silver shooting through the sky .
I will bathe my sword in the sky , to the people of my curse , to the judgment .
Grateful for the Lamb of the LORD is the Blood of Fatness , and the Blood of the Lamb of the Lamb of the Lamb of the Lamb: And I was full of the Bread
The unicorns will fall , the bullocks will tumble , and the blood in the air will be thick with fatness .
It was the day of the Lord's vengeance , and the year of dispute in Jerusalem .
The streams turn pitch , turning dust into a blaze .
No smoke is extinguished; nor is it ever extinguished; it will remain forever; from generation to generation it will be destroyed .
But the cormorant and the bittern are there , and the owl is there , and the raven is there , and the hound and the night-calf .
They will call out the nobility , but none of them will be there , and all of them will be nothing .
Thorns in the palace , and castles and fortresses thereof , shall be covered with thorns , and dragon's lair a lair for owls .
And so the wild beasts of the desert meet the wild beasts of the island , and the satyr makes his bed and finds a place to rest .
The great owl will lay down , and lay , and hatch , and gather under her shadow: But at last , it will rise , and take
Look in the book of the Lord , and read: No one of them will fail; none of them will want her mate .
He knows how to tie them , and he has his hand on them , all around the line .
When the desert and solitude are good , they become happy , and when the rose blossoms , it's a well-lived rose , and there is no sign of the
All they need to do is to make a motion and the glory of Lebanon will be given to them , the glory of Carmel and Sharon , and the glory of the LORD will be seen
Strengthens your weak knees and can strengthen the knees .
Be strong , lest you be cut off by Satan , and sinfully receive the vengeance of God , even God with a vengeance .
Then they open their eyes and blind people , deafening them .
Then the lame man leaps , making a grand , melodious utterance: Lame Tongue .
The dry earth will become a pool , and the thirsty land will flood with water .
There is a way , and it is called the way of holiness; the unclean shall not pass it , but it is for those: and it is for those: and it is for
There will be a lion , no ravenous beast will come there , and no ravenous beast will come there , but the redeemed will be there: there is no place of tormenting them
In the fourth year of Hezekiah , Sennacherib king of Assyria had been driven from his home by all the cities of Judah , and he had taken them as his own .
// In AD 9 , Rabshakeh was sent to Jerusalem with a large army , accompanied by a major Assyrian king Hezekiah .
He stood by the conduit in Fuller's highway of field .
Then Eliakim , Hilkiah's son , who was in the house , and Shebna , Asaph's son , the scribe .
Says Rabshakeh , the great king of Assyria: " What confidence is this ?
I have a plan and strength for war: who do you trust ?
Thus , if a man is weak , he may grab him , and make him vulnerable to his own staff , which is king of Egypt .
And if you say we trust the Lord , is it not the one who made the high places and the altars , and said to Judah and Jerusalem , you shall be worshiped ?
If you can find two thousand horses , I'll give you two thousand more if you can keep them for me .
Why then trust Egypt chariots and horses ?
And now I want to ruin this land without the Lord ?
Go to the land and make it a wasteland , the Lord said .
If you wish to know the answer , then you must ask me , for we understand it: and speak to your servants in the Syrian language .
But did your master send me to your master and to you to tell you this ?
He did not send me to the men who sit on the wall to eat their dung and drink their piss with you ?
Rabshakeh cried out loud in the Jewish language , and the mighty king of Assyria uttered words of exaltation .
Thus the king says , Do not let Hezekiah deceive you: he can do no such thing .
I will not give you the city , the Lord will surely deliver us , " says the Lord .
Thus say the king of Assyria , and he will come to me with a present , and he will eat all of his fruit and all of his figs , and all of his other fruits , and all his
Watch out , hezekiah will convince you that the Lord will deliver us .
Did Assyrian kings give their lands to the gods of the nations ?
Where do you get your god of Hamath and Arphad ?
Where was the Sepharvaim god ?
And had they given Samaria to me ?
Who among the gods of the land delivered the land to my hand , and the Lord delivered Jerusalem to my hand ?
They replied to him , but they did not answer him , for the king's commandment was , " Answer him . "
<p> Baba and Sheba , the scribe , Joah , son of Asaph , recorder , and Sheba , son of Sheba , the scribe , and Sheba , son of Sheba , the scribe , and
When Hezekiah heard this , he stripped off his clothes and covered himself with a sackcloth and went to the house of the Lord .
<p> Isaiah the prophet of Amoz , who was over the house , and Shebna the scribe , and the elders of the priests and priests covered themselves with a blanket .
Thus it was that he said , This day is a day of trouble , and a warning , and a blasphemy: for the children are born , and there is no strength to bring them forth .
And Rabshakeh , king of Assyria , will hear the words of the Lord your God and will punish them: This is what the Jews of Israel said:
So Isaiah's servants came to the king Hezekiah .
So say the Lord , Be not afraid of the words you heard , where the king of Assyria has made dishonor upon me .
Look , I'll send a blast , and he'll hear the rumour , and he'll come back to his own country to kill the lord of Zamzah .
Rabshakeh returned , and found himself fighting the Assyrian king Libnah .
He heard that Tirhakah king of Ethiopia came to fight you .
As soon as he heard it , he sent messengers to Hezekiah , saying , Jerusalem will not deceive you , saying , Jerusalem will not be destroyed .
Ah , did you hear what the Assyrians have done to all the lands , and you should be released ?
As Gozan , Haran , and Rezeph , and the children of Eden who were in Telassar did the gods deliver them ?
Where are Hamath , Hamath , and Arphad , the king of Sepharvaim , and Tzevi ?
The messenger of the Lord , who had sent the letter , put the letter in his hand and read it: and Hezekiah went to the LABORATORY to read it to the LORD .
THE JESUS CHRIST The Lord of hosts , God of Israel , the one who dwells between cherubs , is God , the one who dwells among all the kingdoms of the world .
Open your eyes , O LORD , and behold , O LORD , and hear the words of Sennacherib , which he sent to shame the living God .
For Assyrian kings , Assyrian kings have destroyed all nations , and their lands , and the gods they were made of wood and stone: therefore , they were not gods , but men's hands .
So , O Lord , save us from His hand , that all the kingdoms of the world know you are the One and only God .
Thus saith the LORD God of Israel , And thou didst make me to pray against Sennacherib king of Assyria: and thou didst set me apart from the
Who did you blame and offend ?
And who raised your voice and looked up at the sky ?
Even against the Holy One of Israel .
// I have to leave the mountain and walk the road back , and from there I must leave the river and go on walking , past the trees and the creeks , past the railroad tracks and the heavy buildings of the city and the wide streets
I dug out , drank water , and dry out the entire river .
Did you hear how I got that way , and how I got that way ?
I did it so that you would destroy the cities of ruinous ruin .
They were small , and their questions were unintelligible , like the grass of the field , as it blown away from the roof , and as corn popped .
I know your house , and your way out , and your anger against me .
And I'll hook my hook into your nose , and pull you up and down , by the way you came up , so that you'll be right around here .
And you'll be eating what grows , as well as the next year , all the same as the first year , the year after that , and the year after that .
Then a house of Judah will be taken down , and a remnant will be lifted up , and the fruit shall be upwards: And it shall be to you , O Lord , and to
Thus Assyrian kings won't come to the city , nor shoot an arrow , nor go to the defense of their own country .
And the same thing happens to him , by the way , and he won't come back , and he won't go to the city .
I will defend the city for the sake of my own and for my servant David's sake . "
The angel of the Lord came , and struck the Assyrian camp with one hundred and four hundred and five thousand: and when they came to the morning , they were dead .
Sennacherib's king Assyria has gone and returned , leaving his kingdom and returning to it .
( 18 ) When he worshipped Nisroch , his god , Adrammelech and Sharezer's sons struck him with the sword; and they fled to the lands of Armenia , where they dwelt .
In those days , he was sick with Hezekiah .
Isaiah the prophet Amoz came to him , and said ,' O .
And remember , O LORD , how I made you , and I made you perfect and made you the one and only Son of the Holy Ghost and of the Son of the Holy Ghost and of the Son of the Son and
And Hezekiah was weeping . "
Isaiah , the Lord , the God of David , I heard thy prayer , I saw thy tears .
I will take you and the city of Assyria from king Akram to your father .
That is a sign from the Lord , that the Lord will do as he has said , and the sun will go out and then the moon will be gone , and the stars will be up in the sky and the sun will be up in the
By the tenth degree the sun had come back .
When he was ill , and recovered from his sickness , I said I would go to the grave: I was sick of the rest of the time .
And I shall not see the Lord in the world , even the Lord .
<p> I walk out of the shepherd's tent , leaving my life as a weaver: He will tear me limb from limb , because I am an abomination .
And it occurred to me , as a lion , that it was the first time I had ever , in all my years , thought of having anything to do with this .
Like a crane or a swallow , I have to look up , as if afraid of my own eyes .
What can I say to you ?
He talked to me , and that's all he did .
Jesus , for the life of my soul , and for all the things that live , my soul is alive .
Ooh , my soul , I was bitter , but you gave me great bitterness for peace: but you have filled my soul from the pit of corruption .
Death cannot praise you , death cannot celebrate you .
As I do today , the children's father will tell you the truth: The living , the living , he will praise you .
Singing our songs to the instruments of the LORD all our days in the house of the LORD .
Isaiah said , Let us take a lump of figs and put it on a boil , and he'll be whole . '
What sign do I have to go to the house of the Lord ?
The king of Babylon , Baladan , had heard that he was sick and sent him a letter and a present .
She showed them the House of the precious things , the silver , the gold , the precious ointment , and all the other stuff in the precious ointment house , and all the other stuff in the treasure house , and the other stuff in
Then Hezekiah the king asked , What did these people say ?
And from where did it come ?
Even from Babylon they came , from a far land .
Then he said , What did they see in your house ?
Hezekiah answered , I saw all in my house: there is nothing in my treasure that I did not show them .
Isaiah to Hezekiah , Hear the Word of the LORD: Behold , the days are coming , and all the cities of the earth and the house of your father's household shall be taken away .
They will take your sons , who will be born in you , and they will be eunuchs in the palace of the king of Babylon .
Isaiah answered , Good is the word of God , which you have spoken .
Peace and truth will be brought to you in my time .
Be comforted , my people , my God .
The hands of the Lord are on her , for she has received His gift twice for all her sins .
The voice of the one who is crying in the desert , prepare the way of God , make it to the desert .
Valley would be exalted , mountains dropping flat , hillside leaving straight line: sinews of crooked to be straight .
The voice said , Cry .
And he said , What do you want me to say ?
The grass is grass , the flowers are flowers , the grass is the grass .
The grass is withered , the flowers fadily beseeching: but the Word of God shall be heard .
Lydia and all the tribes of Israel-from the mountains of Zion , from the mountain of Jerusalem , from the mountain of Beth Sheba , from the mountains of Bethlehem , from the mountain of Tamid , from the mountains of Bethlehem , from the
Look , the Lord God will come with a strong arm and his arm will be strong , and he will be rewarded for it .
She will feed her flock like a shepherd , and he will bring her in his arms and carry her on his back to the young .
Who measured the water in the hollow of his arm , who measured the sky , who weighed the mountains , who balanced the tribes of the coast , who fashioned their warlike clans ?
Who do you think directed the Spirit of the Lord , or he was his counselor ?
Who taught him to say , And when I shall be taken away from you , I will be cast into the wilderness , and there shall be no one among you; but I shall be in the midst of you; and there shall be no one among
Look at the nations as they're filled like a bucket of water , and count as little dust in the balance: // Let not every man think that he hath gained
The fire of Lebanon is not enough for her , nor the beasts of the beasts .
He doesn't count them and don't count them , and he doesn't count them , and he doesn't count them .
So who do you think you will be to God ?
And what likeness will you be to him ?
<p> The worker melts the image , the goldsmith makes gold chains , and the goldsmiths' hands melt into gold .
He is so impoverished that he doesn't want to go to the grail , he does not want to move in a cunning man to prepare a grail , that he will not move .
Don't you know about this ?
Have you heard of this ? "
Was it from the start or was it just something I saw ?
You don't understand the foundations of the earth ?
He sits upon the circle of earth , and the inhabitants thereof are like grasshoppers; that he spread them out like a tent to sleep in: and they have no more power to cause him to eat
And yes , they are not planted , and they do not grow , and the wind will blow them away , sending them flying .
Then who will you be to me , or shall I be the same ?
saith the Holy One , Lord of Israel .
Look up , and see who has created them , that he can bring them to number his host , for he is strong in strength; not one name is given to him; no sign is given of his
Why say , Jacob , and tell me , Israel , My God is not listening to me ?
Do you not know of this ? "
Did you hear , the eternal God , the Lord , the creator of the world , is not weary ?
He doesn't understand search terms . "
He gives power to the weak , and he increases his strength .
And with each day the young men will faint and be painfully weary , while the other two will be utterly exhausted .
Shut up , O islands , and let the people be strong , so that they can hear: Let us go !
the righteous man from east , the one who called him to his feet , gave to the nations before him , and he ruled them ?
He had given them to the sword , and as it was a stubble on his bow , it did not seem to be as good as
He followed them , safe even if he didn't go with his feet .
Who has done this and done it , calling generations ?
I'm the first , and the last .
The islands were afraid , and drew nearer , and came .
<p> Every person helped one another , and every said , " Be brave .
Goldsmith , who was a smooth-hipped man , and who was a smooth-hipped man , said , It was ready for the smiting: and he fastened the nails with one of the nails .
Your choice , Israel , is mine , Jacob , my servant , you , Abraham .
I took you from the ends of the earth , and I called you from the heads of the high men of the earth , and I chose you for me .
Don't be afraid , I'm with you , and I'm with you , and I can help you , and I can help you , and I can help you .
They'll be ashamed and confused , and they'll be nothing to you , and they who try to fight you will be utterly destroyed .
You'll find them , and you won't find them , even when they fight you .
I'll help you , Lord , if you don't mind me doing it . "
Don't worry , Jacob , and the people of Israel , I will help you , the Lord , and the Holy One of Israel . "
Look , I'll make you a sharp shovel with teeth , and you'll be able to pound the mountains , and pound them down .
You'll be glad , and the wind will carry them away , and the wind will blow them away , and the wind will make you feel good .
I'll hear the poor and needy , and I won't be able to drink , and I'll not get any food .
I'll open the river , and let the water come in through the valleys , and dry land in the center of the desert .
I'll plant the cedar , the shittah tree , and the myrtle , and the oil tree in the desert .
Take your cause , my lord , and be ye strong in it , " the Lord says .
Let them come , and let them show us what they are , so that we may see what they are , and that we may know what they are , and the extent of their knowledge .
Shew what will come , so that we know that you are gods: yes , do good , or do evil , so that we can be disappointed .
Look , you have nothing to do with it: an abomination is he who chooses you . "
The prince of the North , he will call me from above , and he will come to me from the rising sun: and he will come to me as potter's clay .
Who said we could know from the start ?
So we can say he's right ?
No one , no one , no one , nobody but me and her , to keep a perfect record of the world's events .
The first says , Behold , look , I give you one that will bring good tidings to Jerusalem .
I saw it , and I saw no one , even among them , making a sound , even among them , that would answer a word .
Look , they're all vain , their work is nothing: they're all confused and too much joy in their lives .
And look , my servant , who I have upheld , who is the source of my joy , who is the source of my salvation .
He's not going to cry , he's not going to lift , he's not going to be heard on the street .
It is not wrong to break a broken reed; it is not wrong to burn flax; it is not wrong to drink wine; it is not wrong to eat meat; it is
Nor will he fail , until he has ruled the world .
He who created Heaven and stretched it before them , and the earth , and the spirit of the people who breathed it .
I am the Lord , and I will not give glory to any statue . "
I'll tell you , before they come out , I'll tell you what they are .
Sing the new song , and the praise of the Lord shall come to the end of the earth , the islands , and the inhabitants thereof .
Sediments of sand and earth that can be found at an archaeological site: the mountains and the cities of the desert , the inhabitants of the rock , the people of the mountains , the people of the rocks ,
The Lord would be glorified in heaven , and on the islands would be the glad announcement of His favor .
<p> As a mighty warrior , the Lord goes forth as a conquering conqueror , triumphing like a king .
I had peace for a long time , was a man who kept his mind clear and quiet .
I can make mountains and hills , and dry them , and make rivers , and rivers , and rivers .
I will lead them in the dark , and I will lead them in the dark , and I will lead them in the dark , and I will lead them in the dark .
I'm gonna do it for them and I'm not gonna let them walk me off with them .
They turn back , they're ashamed , they say , " We're gods . "
Look , deaf , blind , see .
Who is blind but my servant ?
Or deaf , as my messenger I sent ?
Who is blind as the servant of the Lord ?
You see a lot , but you don't hear him , but he listens .
The Lord is pleased with his righteousness , and he will magnify the law , and he will give glory to the righteous .
It was the people who had robbed and spoiled , who hid them in their holes , who were imprisoned , who suffered , who lost everything .
And who can listen to this ?
Who will be listening and observing ?
Who was Jacob and Israel ?
Lord , that one of us who has sinned against us ?
They're not in his way , neither are they obeying his law .
The rage in him poured into him , and the strength of battle within him , yet he did not know it .
Oh , Jesus , I've redeemed you , I've called you by your name , and you're mine . "
I'll be with you when you pass through the water , and the river won't flood you .
I am the Lord of Israel , the Holy One of Israel , the savior of the Jews .
I loved you , and you made me precious , and I gave you my life to give you back .
I am with you: I will lift you from the east , and bring you from the west .
Bring in the blind and deaf for light .
Who among them can tell us the past , and show us the present ?
They'll be in a position to testify , that they can be justified , or they'll be in a position to testify truthfully .
Because I know and believe in you , and because I am the one who is God , I have made you , my servant , the son of Adam , to know and believe me .
I am the Lord , and I am not the savior of the world .
I've sworn and saved , and shown you , and done so , so you can see , and I'm God .
Yeah , before the day I come here , and nobody takes my hand: Mmmm .
I sent them to Babylon , and I have destroyed all the nobles and the Chaldeans who were on the ships .
I am the Lord , the Holy One , the king of Israel .
When the Lord , who dwells in the sea , and in the great waters , and in the great sea , and in the mighty ocean , and in the great sea , and in the great sea , and in the great ocean , and in the
Don't remember old things , don't think about them .
Look , I have to do something new , now it's gonna be all one place , huh ?
I'm going to the desert and the desert .
I am honored by beasts of the field , dragons and owls , because I give water to the desert and to the desert to my people .
I created them for myself , they will show their praise .
Jacob , you did not call me , Jacob , but you have been too tired to do anything but call me , Israel .
You did not provide me with a small herd of burnt offerings , nor did you honor me with your offering of your sacrifice .
I have not given you an offering , nor have I worn you out with incense .
You didn't buy me a sweet cane with money , you gave me fat sacrifices , and you made me a fool of myself .
And I am the one who will not remember your sins , although I , even I , who have not sinned , have done it .
Let's remember: Let's agree to plead together: There's a way you can be justified .
Your father has sinned , and your teachers have betrayed me .
I offended the holy men of the sanctuary , and cursed Jacob , and Israel was punished .
Therefore the LORD has given you , and He has formed you from the womb , and you will help you; do not be afraid , Jacob , my servant .
I pour water on him , bringing the dry ground into the midst of his misery , making it rain and wet and freezing the earth: so that the waters of the grave shall be poured
I am the Lord , and I am the name of the other , and he will call himself Jacob .
I'm the first one , and I'm the last .
Who , as I , will call and tell , and set it up for me , since I have appointed old men to act ?
Let them show it to me , what's coming , and what's coming .
Don't be afraid , don't be afraid , I told you from the start .
You are my witnesses too . "
Is God going to have a hand in me ?
No God , I don't know .
They are all vanity , and their delectable things are not worth anything; and they are their own witnesses , they do not see , they do not know .
Who makes a god , or a graven image that is worth nothing ?
Look , all these men will be ashamed , and the workers will be ashamed of them: they will be shamed , and they will be shamed .
Marlene lets him drink , his strength failing as he takes a drink , his eyes swollen and clouded with tears , and yet he says it , a whisper in the dark , " I am in love with you , " and he lets her
It was in the carpenter's stretcher , the market guy , the compass , the place of the compass , the place of the place of the compass , the place of the compass , the place of the cap .
He walks into the woods , planting an ash , nourishing the rain .
He's been out there and it's been burning , and he's been out there and it's been burning , and he's been out there and it burned down his heart and he'll never know what to do about it .
Burns with fire , and eats meat , and says , Aha , I am hot , I saw the fire .
<p> They shut their eyes , and he could not see them , nor his heart , that they could not understand .
None of them knew anything , not even to say , I burned a part of him in the fire , and I ate it .
Shall I drop down the tree ?
He eats the ashes , a heart that has turned its back on him , and cannot tell whether he is lying or not .
Remember , Jacob and Israel , for you are my servants .
I have taken you , as a thick cloud , your sins , and , as a cloud , your sins .
For the LORD has done it , the heavens , the mountains , the woods , the trees , the branches of the trees , the branches of the trees , the branches of the trees , the branches of the trees , the branches of the trees , the
You know me , I am the Lord , the creator of you , the one who made you from the womb , and I am the one who gives you the gift of the whole world .
If I make a break , I will open the two gates , and Cyrus will subdue the nations before him , and I will set the loins of kings free , to open the two gates; and there shall be no more
Jacob , my servant , I called you by your name , and Israel , my servant .
I am the Lord , and there is no one else , there is no God beside me: I am on my way to the west , and from the west I am on my way .
I am the Lord , and I am not .
I create light , and I create darkness: I am the Lord of all things .
Drop down , Heaven , and let Heaven , earth , and world open , and the redeeming gift of salvation will be revealed .
Woe to the one who tries to fight the Maker !
The Earthbound Potherd will attempt to fight the Potherd .
Shall he tell him he fashion it , what's the matter with him ?
Or your work , that he doesn't have hands ?
How should I say it to Dad ?
What did you bring to this woman ?
So I ask you , the Lord , the Holy One of Israel , and the Lord , the Son of Man , to show me the way of my sons and of my hands .
I made the earth , and I made the world , and I made it with my hands , and with my mouth .
I'll set him free , I'll take him to the city , and he'll let go of my captives , not for the sake of money or reward , the Lord of the Rock .
Egyptians , Ethiopians and Sabians will come to you , and they will be yours .
You , a God who hid his face , God of Israel , God of Heaven .
They'll be ashamed , and they'll also be confused , they'll all go into confusion .
But the Lord will save Israel with eternal salvation: You shall not be ashamed or embarrassed . "
But as in the story of the twins and the children , he created the heavens and earth , and they are that he has made , and as he made them he has set them , and there is no place for them where they were , and there
And I did not tell Jacob's seed I would give him; I did not tell him I would give him; I did not tell him I would give him; I did not tell him that I would make him clean; I did not tell him
Come , come , come , come , come , come , come , come , come , come , come , come , go back to your old home .
Tell me , and let them be near , and they will discuss it: who told you ?
From when I was young , who told me this ?
I am not the Lord , but God ?
No God , no God , no God , no God , no God , no God , no God , no God , no God , no God , no God , no God .
Look , I'm God , and there are no other people .
The word out of my mouth , the word that I swore to myself that it was not , I swear to you , is no reason to speak to the lord .
And I believe I can say , in the name of God , I have strength and strength: I am very strong and vigorous .
All the seed of Israel will be brought to the Lord for justification .
The Nebo stood , stooping , his idols to the beasts , and the cattle were heavy .
<p> The six men of the Pelt Institute bow , bowing , clutching their hands to their hips , shouting , " Put down the banners !
And I am listening to you , Jacob , and all the rest of the house of Israel , which is carried off of my belly , which is carried off of the womb .
Who will you compare me to , and compare me to you ?
They put gold in their bags , weigh silver , and hire a goldsmith .
He shall bear him on his shoulder , and he shall carry him , and he shall stand; from his place he cannot be removed , and he shall not be saved; and he shall be no longer subject to the Jews .
And don't forget , O you sinners , remember this: Let it be remembered .
But when I wake up in the morning , I am God , and there are no other people , I am God , and I am not like any other people , I am God , and there are no other people , I am God , and there
To you , tough fellows , who are far from righteousness: I bring you my righteousness and happiness .
Come on , my virgin daughter of Babylon , sit down , and you will not be called delicate and sweet .
Toss in the millstones , and you have access to digging , you have access to drilling , you have access to digging , you have access to drilling .
I'm gonna expose your nakedness , and I'm gonna see you naked .
The name of our savior is Jesus of Nazareth .
Shut up , and don't call me , the lady of the kingdom .
I am angry with my people , polluted my inheritance , and given it to you , you gave it no mercy .
You said I'd be a woman forever , so you didn't consider the end of it , and I didn't remember the end of it , and I didn't know that it was gone
I'm not sure I'm a widow , not even if I am , I don't know what I want to lose , I don't know how I want to lose anybody else , and I don't know why I
You trusted in your own bad behavior , and you said , No one sees me .
You've said in your heart , I am , and no one else is .
Thus it will be , you will not know from where it cometh that evil , evil will come and smite you , you will not rise up and escape .
I think it's worth trying , if you can , if you can , if you can , if you can , if you can , if you can , if you can , if you can
You were tired of your advice in the crowd .
So , let astrologers , stargazers , prognosticators , monthly prognosticators , and save you from what's coming for you .
Stubble , the fire will burn them , they will not be able to sit on the lawn , to hold back the fire .
Thus you will be with your merchants , from your youth , who will wander all over the quarter .
<p> I heard it , Jacob , which is called by the name of Israel , and they came out of the waters of Judah , and swore by the name of their God , but not by the name of his son ,
They are called the holy city , and they stay there with God's name on it .
I said things from the start , and they came out from between my teeth , and in the end I did them .
I have known since the beginning that you are stubborn , and your throat is a steel neck , and your eyebrows are brass .
Did you hear , saw all the way through , and didn't say anything ?
I showed you new things , even hidden things , and you didn't know about them .
They are created now , not from the beginning , even before the day you heard them .
And you didn't hear , didn't know , didn't know , didn't know , you didn't know .
But I felt bad for my mother and all the other women in the room , and I went to the bathroom and changed my name , I made a public statement and all that .
Look , I refined you , but I chose you in the furnace of suffering .
Even to do this: for my own sake , even for my own sake: I will .
I will not give my glory to another .
I am Jacob and Israel , my name is Jacob , I am the first . "
When I call out , they stand up together , mine hand on the ground , my right hand holding the sky .
Okay , we'll get together , and listen to what they've said ?
His love is the Lord , and to do Babylon's arm will be no more than a consolation .
I spoke , even I , spoke , and he did well by me .
I did not say from the beginning , from the time I began , that I would come to you and the Lord God and his spirit sent me here .
Thus Christ , the Redeemer of Israel , I am the God of your salvation , which leads you into the path you should follow .
You should have listened to my instructions !
His name came to him like the river , and his voice and his movements came to him like the surfs of the ocean .
Go to Babylon , go to the Chaldans , and say to the Lord , He has saved His servant Jacob from his enemies .
He led them through the desert , and the water seeped out of the rock .
The evil is not peace , " the Lord says . "
Listen , O isles , for me , and hearken , ye people , from the depths of my mother's womb , hearken me .
I hid him in the shadow of his arm; I was a polished spear; in his belt he hid me; And said to me , Thou art my servant , O Israel .
I worked , I wasted away all the strength I had left , I wasted away all the strength I had left , and I went to work , and I was going to
And the LORD made me from the womb to serve him , and he shall give me a strength in the eyes of the LORD , and my God shall be my strength .
I will also give you a light for the gentiles , that you may be a light for the Jews , that you may be a light for the Jews: And the Lord your God and the Father of your
( Isaiah 55:18-19 ) And the Lord , the Redeemer of Israel , the Holy One of God , to whom the nation abhorreth , to the servant of the king , the king shall be delighted .
( HESP TURNER ( cont'd ) THE LORD , I HEARD YOU , and I HAVE ALL DRAGGED YOU , AND I CAN STAY WITH YOU IN DAYS TO
They cut up , and their pastures come up high .
He shall not hunger or thirst , neither shall the sun nor the heat of the sun strike them; they shall be clothed with the gold of heaven and
I'll make my mountains , and I'll make my roads .
Look at these , from the north and from the west; and these are from the land of Sinim .
Sing , O heaven; and be glad , O earth; and sing , O mountains: for the Lord hath comforted his people , and he will give them glad tidings of salvation from their grief .
But the Lord has cast me out , and his glory has made me to dust .
Should a woman forget her son sucking , that she shouldn't be able to care for her son ?
Yes , they'll forget , but I'm not going to forget you either .
Look at me , on my hands and your walls are continually before me .
Your children will be quick , and your destroyers gone , and then there will be no more of you .
Look round , and behold: All of them are gathered , and come to you .
As I live , the Lord says , You shall be dressed like an ornament , and you shall be bound to you like a bride .
The inhabitants of this realm would be far away from you for your waste and destruction of your land .
Children who have lost you will tell you , " The place is too tight for me . "
Then you tell me who got me , and if I lost my kids , and I lost them , then they're gone , and I lost the family ?
Who will bring these up ? "
Look , I'm alone; where did they go ?
Lord God , I lift up my hand to the Gentiles , and place my standard before the people .
They bow to you with their faces to the ground , and lick the dust of your feet .
Should it take a mighty man or lawful prisoner to deliver it ?
Thus the LORD says , And I will fight with him , and I will save your children from him .
Now I will give them unto you , as sweet wine , and they shall drink their own blood like sweet wine , and I will make them one of
Thus the Lord says , Where is the divorce of your mother ?
Or who is this creditor I sold you ?
Look , you've sold your sins , and your mother has been sent away .
So I didn't get here , did I ?
When I called , was there no one around to answer ?
Is my hand shortened , so that I can't be forgiven ?
Or can I do it without being ?
I dry sea , I dry river , and fish stink .
I took the sky , and covered it with blackness .
It was given to me by the Lord God , so that I could speak to him who was tired , and in the morning he woke me up .
I had heard the Lord God open my ears and I had not resisted but had not wanted to .
I hid my face in shame and spit , throwing up a good deal of toilet paper , hiding my face in the dirt .
I know that I am not ashamed to face the matter , and that I have nothing to do with the face of the law .
He almost had as much trouble with me as he did with me .
Who am I , that I am an enemy ?
He walks closer to me , toward me .
Oh dear God , who will be able to punish me ?
All of them will be old as a garment; the moth will eat them .
Who among you is he who hears the voice of His servant , who walks in the darkness , who doth sing in the house of God ?
Believe in the name of God , and stay with God .
Look , all you who lit the fire , the compass you're gazing at , the sparks you kindled , walk in the light of the fire , and see the clear answer of the real answer .
You've got my arm , you'll be sad . "
Look , you who follow the law , you who seek the Lord , look to the rock where you are digging .
Look to your father Abraham , and Sarah who gave you birth .
All the waste places shall be filled with the Lord's comfort , and he will be like the Garden of Eden; joy and gladness shall be found there , and they shall dwell in it , as Zion was , in
I am telling you that I am the only emperor of this country who , for the sake of the people , listens to me , my people , and to hear
My righteousness is almost there , my salvation is gone , and I am awaiting them to trust me , to be validated , to be convinced of the goodness of God .
In this way , you can learn from the wise old proverb that says: Look into the sky , and behold the
Behold , the people who know the law , the people who have my heart , be fearful of nothing , for they will not be ashamed of you .
The moth will eat them like a garment , and the worm will eat them like wool .
Awake , awake , put on strength , Lord , as in the old days . "
Had Rahab hurt the dragon ?
Art thou not the sea that dried the sea , the waters of the great deep ?
They will be returning , and they will be returning with great joy and delight to Zion , and they will be pouring themselves down to the ground in joy and peace .
And I , too , am the one who will comfort you: who is the one who is afraid of death , and the Son of Man who brings grass , " says the Lord .
Where is the rage of the oppressor ?
The prisoner hastens to release him , and he must not die in the pit , nor be lost for bread .
I am the Lord of the Sea , the wind and waves , the thunder and earthquake , the earthquake and the plague .
Hail , holy , " I said , poring over the wall in the house , playing possum in the house , using the other part of the empty pocket in my purse , the one I got from the bank , the one I'd cut
You wake up , you wake up , you're ready for bed , you're ready for work , you're hungry , you know what you want to do , and then you get up and you say , What ?
Neither can she guide the sons she has brought forth , nor any of the sons she has taken .
Who's going to be sorry for you ?
Desolation , destruction , famine , and the sword: by whom will I comfort you ?
There are all the streets full of the sons of your sons , as a wild bull in a net: They are full of the rage of God .
<p> But not with wine , I took the cup of your hand .
Come , awake , awake , O Jerusalem , holy city , for the time has passed . "
Get off the dust , you're going to sit down , you daughter of Zion , you darling princess of Israel . "
So the Lord says , you sold your soul for nothing , and you were saved without money .
Thus the Assyrian oppressed without cause without any Assyrian opposition .
So then , what is my people , Lord ?
Lord says , " They rule over them , and they cry , " My name still beamed upon them .
So my name will be known to my people: therefore they will know me .
One hears a good man's feet in the valley , that he brings good news to the mountains , that he brings good news to the mountains; that he says to the mountains , Thy God is upon him; that he says to the mountains , Thy
When the watchmen raise their voice , they will sing: And they will see the Lord return , and they will see the same eye , for the same time .
Sing together , you waste places of Jerusalem , for the Lord has comforted His people , He has saved Jerusalem .
I have no doubt that all nations will see the salvation of God in the eyes of the Son .
Go , go , go , get the foot down and take a good step , and you're good and clean .
And flying is not for you to hurry along , nor is it for you to leap ahead .
Look , my servant will be wary , he will be made to be praised and praised , and he will rise very high .
So many nations shall astonish at you , and your countenance shall exceed the sons of men: | And of you there shall be no fear . "
Who is going to believe our report ?
Who is the Lord's arm ?
He is a tender plant , and as root out of dry ground , he is not handsome .
He was hated and rejected by men , and he was known to be sad , and to cry out .
And we mourned , we mourned , we mourned , we mourned , we mourned , we mourned .
He has been wounded in our sins , but in our sins he has been wounded , and our wounds have been healed .
So we have all turned our eyes to our own way , and the Lord has made us all guilty .
He was oppressed , and he suffered , but he didn't open his mouth: He is a lamb to the slaughter , and he is a lamb before his eyes .
He was snatched from prison and from the courts: Who will tell the generation ?
He was cut off from the land of the living: He was a transgression of my people .
He was a grave , and the rich man died with him because he didn't do anything , and he didn't lie .
He will be glad to bruise it , when you make him a sin , and to suffer , and the LORD will prosper in his soul , and his angels will praise him , and he will be made like a
He shall see the sufferings of his soul , and he shall be content: he shall bear the sins of my soul .
The heaviness of his soul , because he had poured his soul into death , divided the spoils with the strong .
You , who did not bear , you who did not suffer , you who did not labor , you who did not gather wood , you who did not build a house , you who did not feed the hungry
Tent , curtains , cord , stakes , double-ended stakes , strands of twine , cables , the shape of ropes , the shape of planks , the shape of the panes , the shape of cloth , the shape of the pieces of
Don't feel guilty , and don't blame the lies , not even those lies , on that kind of lack of concern and understanding .
Your God is your husband , your God is one . "
When you were rejected , your God called you a wife abandoned and maiden of her own age , to the complete exclusion of all others .
I was away for a while , but I'll come back with great mercy .
I hid my face for a while , but I will be merciful to you , the Lamb of God , the Son of the Redeemer .
I swore by the Lord God of Israel , as I promised Noah , that the waters of Noah shall not pass over the earth . "
I will be driven to the mountains , will be cast down , but my kindness will not be lost , nor will my peace be shattered .
I lay down the stones , lay down the sapphires , and lay down the stones with a nice color .
I'll make your windows and your gates of carbuncles , and all your borders of pleasant stones , your arbor of flowers , and your sun in
Jesus is teaching you , and your children are listening .
You'll establish righteousness , you'll not be frightened of oppression , for you'll neither fear them nor their cause .
Look , they're definitely gathering , but not by me: whoever gets in with you is going to crash .
Look , I created a smith that would burn coals and bring out tools for his work .
No weapon that will contend you will prosper; and every tongue that will dissent you will condemn you .
It's the heritage of servants of God , and I'm proud of it .
Come , all who thirst , come to the water , and the one who does not have money , come to the water , and the one who does not have a soul ,
So you spend money on something that doesn't have bread ?
And you work for what you don't ?
Be scrupulous , and eat what is good , and your soul will be rejoiced in fatness .
Listen , and I'll give you a vow , even the sure mercy of David , that your soul will live , and I will make a solemn vow of devotion to you .
I gave him to the people , a leader and commandant of the people .
For the Lord your God is the one who has honored you , and he will be honored by the nation you know , and the nation you do not know .
And when you find him , and call upon him , when he has found you , he will give you a sign and a blessing and he will be pleased to forgive you .
I'm not thinking about your thoughts , not even your ways , the Lord .
And , like the sky , so is my way higher than yours . "
The snow comes down , snow doesn't come up again , sky doesn't come up again , until all of the sower's growing grain is gathered up and given to the earth , and all of the seed's developing seed is sent back to the
And you will be happy , and you will be full of gladness , and the mountains and the hills will sing , and the trees will clap .
Instead of thorns , fir trees , myrtle trees , and names of the Lord forever .
Thus the Lord says , Keep your judgment , and do justice: for my sake shall the blood of the Lamb be shed; for the Lamb shall
Blessed is the man who does it , and the son of a man who holds it , and he keeps his hands off it .
And no one shall speak to the stranger , who joins himself to the Lord , saying , The Lord has completely separated me from my people .
If they do not take my sisters to their homes and keep them from my rooms , I give them places and places in my house and in my walls , and I give them the name of my father and of my mother , and I give them
The sons of strangers , joining themselves to the Lord , to serve him , and to love the name of the Lord , to be His servants , every one who keeps the Sabbath .
Lord God , who is the one who gathereth outcasts of Israel , says , But I will give you a sign that they may believe me .
All the beasts in the field , all the beasts in the woods .
They're all ignorant , dumb , stupid , they can't even bark .
Yes , they are greedy dogs , they are always hungry for their own gain , and in all the ways they know how to find their own way , they are the all-around-the-clock feeders of the sick ,
Come , tell them I will bring you a bottle of wine , and we will have a good time , and many a drinking to be had .
He's the righteous man , and no one's going to take him to heart: and the good man is cast away , no one's going to take him to heart .
They'll rest in their beds , each one walking upright .
But come closer , ye sons of witch-children , seed of adulterer and whore . "
Who's the sport you're playing against ?
Who pulls the tongue out of your mouth ?
You are not kids who have transgressed , you are children who have lied , you are children who have killed children in the valleys under the stones of the holy mountain of Tell ?
You are part of the smooth stones of the stream , and they are your lot .
Should I be comforted by this ?
Lay down on high mountain of sand and offer sacrifice .
You've also taken up the door and posts , and you've revealed yourself to another than me , and you've expanded your bed to cover all the faces of those who have turned their attention
You have taken ointment , and you have increased your perfume , and you have sent your messengers far away , and debased your sister .
You were in the way of great power yet you didn't say , There's no hope .
And who were you scared or afraid to tell me , and to say , And I don't remember you ?
I didn't have a quiet , and you didn't feel that I was a threat ?
I will tell you , your righteousness and your deeds will not be in any way profitable .
If you fear , let your companies go , but the wind carries them away; vanity will be swept away , but he who trusts me will have the soil to make his vineyard .
And now , in the place of the humble , with the spirit of the humble , I dwell in the high and holy place .
I don't have to argue with you , not for you , not for me , not for you , not for the world .
Angry , I drew back , and struck him , and he had a flutter of fury , and fled with his heart , his eyes filling with fear .
I saw him , and I will fix him , and take care of him and his mourners .
I create the fruit of the mouth; peace , peace to him who comes far away , and he comes near .
But the evil sea , which cannot rest , fogs the ocean like a troubled sea , which fogs the sea like a troubled sea , full of sand and dirt
It's not peace that is evil , my God .
Heave a loud , shrill scream , and he will show the sins of Jacob and of the house of Jacob , and of the house of Jacob's sins , and of his whole sin .
Yet they seek me daily , and they delight in knowing my ways , as a people that has done justice and has not forsaken God's law: they ask me to know God's law .
Then we're going to fast , aren't we ?
How come we offended our soul , and you don't know ?
Look , you'll get pleasure from it , and you'll do all the work .
Look , there's going to be a fast , there's going to be a hurry , there's going to be a hurry , there's going to be a hurry , and you need to get a better feel for the big , heavy
So I've chosen it so quickly ?
A day to be a man who hurts his soul ?
To bow down and spread ashes under him ?
Is it to this day that the Lord is pleased ?
It wasn't the fastest I'd chosen ?
To let the evil go , to undo the heavy burden , and to make the oppressed free ?
Do you not feed the hungry , and go to the houses of the poor ?
When you see the naked , you see him , and you're not hiding your body ?
Then the morning will break , and the light will be broken , and your health will be quick .
You call , and the Lord answers , and you scream , and he says , I am here , I am there .
And the flesh , if you take away the yoke , the finger , and the tongue , and the vanity; and if you give the heart , you will be hungry , and you will be filled .
Build old ruins , you will lay foundations of generations , and call upon , the restorer of breach , restorer of ways .
For you are one who does not commit sins of your own body and soul from the Sabbath , from the holy day of the Lord , to the honor of him , honorable; and you will honor him , not to do your own way .
And your God's hand is not shortened , that he can save you , nor your ears , that he can hear: But your sins have hidden his face from you; therefore you have no hope in the future .
Blood , thawing , night's need , taking the one he knows .
They trust in vanity , and speak lies , and think of evil , and bring forth iniquity .
He eats the eggs , and he eats spider webs , and he eats the egg , and he eats the spider web .
They are not transformed into clothes , they are not covered with their work , they are but wrapped in violence .
They run to evil , and they pursue innocent blood: they think evil , and they pursue self-preservation .
They know not peace , and they don't know who goes there , and they don't know who gets the joy of it .
We wait for light , but it's in darkness .
<p> And the fact that we can't see or hear , we're like blind , blind to the things that we see and hear , and what's really happening .
We are like bears , sad , looking for judgment , but there is nothing for us to do .
A man of God , for example , who has sinned by our doing , and we know our sins , and we know our sins .
Judge turns his back on the justice , and justice doesn't far away .
Truth is , he was a fool , and preyed upon the Lord , who saw him , and with such a shamelessness of heart that he had been loath to kill him
He saw no man , and wondered if there was no one to help him: " He found me , and I was so very much
He put on the breastplate of righteousness , and the helmet of salvation on his head; and he went out into the company of murderers and thieves , and there he was clothed in the robes
He will repay , vengeance to his enemies , retribution to his enemies .
The name of the Lord will be feared from the west , and the glory of the sun will rise from the east .
And when the enemy comes , the Spirit of God is raised to meet him with a standard against which he shall be measured .
The Redeemer will come to Zion , and those who turned away from sin in Jacob .
You swore to me , my soul and my words , which I had spoken , that it would not leave your lips , nor out of your mouth of your seed .
Come , shine , for the glory of God is upon you .
It will cover the earth with darkness , and make the people gross .
The Gentiles will come to your light , and the kings shall be made brighter .
And look round , and behold: they all come to you , and your sons and daughters come from far .
Then you will see , and be afraid , and your heart will be enlarged , because the sea will be converted to you .
The camels will cover you , the dromedaries of Midian and Ephah; they will come from Sheba .
The Kedar shall come to you , the Nebaioth shall be with you , and I shall be honored by the house of my glory .
Who flies like a cloud , and as doves towards a window ?
With the name of the Lord comes the ships of Tarshish , and they will be borne on the winds of heaven , and silver and gold shall be taken to the Holy One of Israel .
But you have struck me , and I have mercy on you , and I have mercy on the sons of strangers .
Thus the gates of the gate are opened , and there are the Gentiles brought before you; and king and priests and kings will be brought before you .
The nation and the kingdom that will not serve you will be utterly destroyed .
My glory in Lebanon will be yours , fir tree , pine tree , and box , and I will make it lovely . "
And they will bow to you , and all who despise you will bow to you; and they will call you , city of the Lord , holy and great . "
I'm going to make you an eternal glory , a joy for many generations , and I'm going to leave you alone .
And you shall suck the milk of the gentiles , and you shall be king over them , and you shall know that I am the Lord of Jacob .
I'll bring gold and silver , and I'll bring silver and wood , and I'll bring you forth and feed you .
You will not hear of any more violence , waste or destruction in your country , but you will call your walls of salvation , and your gates of glory .
You will not be blessed by the sun nor by the moon , but the Lord will be with you forever .
The sun will not come down , nor will the moon disappear , for the Lord will be your eternal light .
They will inherit the land , the branch of my garden , the work of my hands , that I may be glorified .
A few will make a thousand , a few will make a strong nation .
And the Lord God is with me , because the LORD has chosen me to proclaim good news to the poor , and to the captives , and to the opening of the captives' mouths .
So they build the old ruins , raise the ruins of the past , and rebuild the ruins of the past .
You're to stand and feed your flock to the stranger , and the alien will be your plow and your vinedressers .
You'll be called priests of the Lord , and you'll be called ministers of God's glory .
For shame they shall have double , and they shall rejoice with the joy of their country: And we shall see that all of you are well . "
I'm a magistrate , I hate crime , and I'll tell them the truth , and I'll make a commitment to them .
All who behold them will recognize them , that they are the seed of the Lord , and they will be known to the Gentiles .
If he shall be so with me , my soul shall be glad with the Lord , for he has brought me into the robe of salvation , and he has adorned me with the robe of righteousness .
In this way the Lord God will bring forth righteousness and praise from the nations , and the earth will bring forth the bud of his love .
If the righteousness of the Lord is revealed , I will not rest until the things which were made and formed are consumed and become as bright as a light , and the salvation of Jerusalem as bright as a flame .
And the Gentiles will see your righteousness , and all the kings will be proud of you .
When you lift your hand and call upon the throne of God , you will be a crown of glory in His hands , and a royal crown in His own .
Nor will you be called Forsaken , nor will your land be desolate: but you will be called Hephzi-bah , and your lands will be blessed .
Like a young man marries a virgin , so will your sons marry you .
Be not your walls , Jerusalem , and they will neither shut you out nor close you , until the Lord is established , and until he is done , and until he shall be made , and until he shall be destroyed , and until he is given unto
Lord swore by his hand , and strength , I shall not give you the corn , for the sake of your enemies , and so for your own .
And go through the gate , go through the gate , prepare the way of the people; lift the gate; lift the gate; lift the gate; lift the gate .
Ah , Lord has spoken , and the daughter of Zion , behold , salvation in the world is with him , and his works before him .
These are the holy people , the redeemed of the Lord: They call themselves , " Father , Son , and Holy Ghost
Who was she coming from Edom with a dyed bodice ?
That's beautiful in the dress , the way he travels ?
I speak the truth , strong enough to save .
Thus art thou red with thy clothes , and thy garments like him who doth gild wine ?
I'll be gone alone , going to the winepress alone , going there with all my anger , cutting them down , making them more like me than they are , making them worse than I am .
I've got a heart for revenge , and the year of my redemption is here .
I looked , and there was nothing to help me; and I was wondering if there was nothing to protect me .
I'll put my anger and my rage to the people I hate , and I'll put them drunk with rage , and I'll tear them to pieces , and I'll destroy their strength .
<p> Let him mention the lovingkindness of the LORD , and the praise of the Messiah and the benediction of the kingdom of Israel , and the splendor of His glory and His name , and the house of Israel's gladness
He told me , I think they're my people , kids who won't lie: I want you to know I love you .
He was afflicted with all his afflictions , and the angel of his presence rescued him: in his love and in his grief he had been able to save them from his own grief .
But rebelled they did , and offended the Holy Spirit: " Let us not be misled . "
And he remembered the days of old , when Moses and his people roamed the sea , and he remembered the shepherd's flock .
Where does the Holy Spirit have a spirit ?
And then Moses , with his glorious arm , divided the waters before them , and became a name forever ?
So they rode through the deep , as a horse in the wild ?
When the beast fell into the valley , the Spirit of the LORD caused him to rest .
Look down from heaven , and behold the glory of thy holiness and thy glory , where are thy strengths and thy powers ?
Is it a restraint ? "
You are our father , even if you are not our mother , and Israel will recognize us .
Oh , Lord , why did you make us afraid of you , and hardened our hearts ?
Come back to your servants , to the tribe of your inheritance .
The people of thy holiness have been little short of trampling thy sanctuary: Our enemies have run amok .
We're yours: You never gave them a name , they didn't call you .
Water's boiling , sizzle's aisles on the way , waterfall's feeding me , waterfall feed me , waterfall feed me , waterfall feed me , waterfall feed me , waterfall feed me , waterfall feed me , waterfall feed me .
When you did terrible things , it was like that great flood of mountains coming down on your feet , making the earth swallow you whole .
No one has ever heard , nor seen , what he has prepared for him that waits for him , O God , since the beginning of the world .
Look , we have sinned , and we will be rescued , for we have sinned .
We all do a little dirty work and all our righteousness is disuse; and we're all as if we were nothing; and we're all dust; and we're all
For we have hidden our faces , and we have consumed them , because of our sins .
Oh , Lord , we are your father , we are the clay , and you are the potter .
Oh , Lord , don't be so hard on us , no one ever remembers iniquity . "
When the east winds down and the west winds up , the holy city becomes a desert .
The fire burned our holy and beautiful house , where our fathers praised you , and we turned away from the stone .
And shall ye not be judicious in these matters , Lord ?
Will you keep your peace and suffer us ?
I want to find them , find them who are I am , find them who are not who I am .
I thought about the rebellious people , who walk in a way that's not good , after my own thoughts; that's why I got mad at them all day .
It was smoke in my nostrils , the fire burning .
You can be silent but I will pay you back , even your sins , and your sins , and your fathers , and your sins , and your fathers , and your sins , and your sins , and your sins , and your sins , and your sins
So the new wine is found in the cluster , and one says , Destroy it not , for it is a blessing: so I shall not destroy them; but they shall be my people .
I will bring Jacob's seed , and Judah's seed , and my servants will come and receive you .
Sharon will be a flock , and the valley of Achor will be a place for the herd to rest .
You are the ones who forsake the Lord , forgetting the holy mountain , and prepare the table for the army , and they bring the drink , because the wine was brought to you from the Holy Temple .
And I knew you were not to answer when I called , because you had already made up your mind to be killed , and you had chosen to be killed .
Thus the Lord God says , " Behold , my servants eat , but ye , of whom I have no need , drink , for your thirst is gone . "
To the man who does this , to the man who does this , God will be blessed in the world .
And I create a new heaven and a new earth , and the former will not be remembered .
But I am glad and happy to create Jerusalem , and to the people of Jerusalem I will give the sign .
I was glad to be in Jerusalem , and to find my people so well . "
The child will die , but the sinner will be a hundred years old . "
They build houses , live in them , and grow grapes , and eat them .
They don't build , they don't plant , they don't plant , they don't eat , and they don't bother with the recycling , which makes them happy .
They are not working , they are not bringing trouble , they are the seed of the Lord , and their offspring .
And when they call , I answer , and when they talk , I hear .
Wolf and lamb eat together , and the lion devours straw like the bullock devours straw .
The Lord says not to hurt or destroy my holy mountain .
Thus the Lord says , The sky is my throne , the ground is my footstool .
Where was the rest of my life ?
I look at him , even to him who is poor and ashamed , and tremble at his word .
He is like a man who kills a man; he is like a man who kills a dog; he is like a man who kills a dog; he is like a man who kills a
Yes , they choose their own ways , and their souls are pleased to be associated with them .
And they were going to choose their delusions , and they were going to be afraid of them , and they were going to choose the one I didn't like: they were going to choose the one I didn
I was at a meeting of the Consultant to the Shizh-e-e-a-kon , and he said , Let the Lord be praised , the ones
A noise from the city , a voice from the temple , a voice of God .
She'd brought a man's child before , before her pain came , giving birth to a man .
<p> Who did you hear about this ?
Who had seen such a thing ?
Is the earth brought to the ground ?
Or will it bring forth a nation ?
As soon as she got into trouble , she brought her children to Zion .
Would you like me to bring it into the birth ?
Would I bring forth and shut out the womb ?
saith your God , I'm sorry . "
Eloquent , joyous , joyous , delightfully , joyful , joyously , joyously , joyously , joyfully , joyfully , joyously , joyfully , joyously , joyously , joyously , joyously , joy
Then the glory of the Gentiles will be like a flowing river , and the glory of the Jews like a flowing stream .
So I will comfort you as a mother who counsels him .
When you see it , your heart will be glad , and your bones will be like herbs .
And the LORD will come with fire , and his chariots like whirlwinds , and he will consume men and women alike , and they shall be cut off and
Lord , the pled with the whole body , and the slain shall many .
According to the Lord , " Those who sanctify themselves , and purify themselves in the garden behind the tree , eat the flesh of the hog , and the mouse , and the moll , and the lizard , and the lizard , and the mouse
I shall have my glory , and behold all nations and tongues , and they shall see my glory .
I send them to nations , to Tarshish , Pul , and Lud , that they will draw bow , and I send them to islands , to islands of sea .
To Jerusalem and beyond , and to chariots and chariots and to wagons and trolleys and litany and flute and horns and the treasured trinkets of the gold and silver , the precious stones and brass and copper and silver
The Lord will also take them to the priests and Levites .
The Lord says , " As the new heavens and the new earth I will make , so shall your name and your name shall be made clean from the earth . "
From the new moon to the next , and from the Sabbath to the next , all flesh will worship for me .
They go , and look upon the men who have insulted me , and will not die , nor their fire be put out .
